a brown rat goes into someone's hand then onto a cage.
an orange kitten is sitting then gets up and walks away.
a person walks outside and then back in
the guards spin around 180 degrees
the plane flies off the roof
a young girl on a tricycle points at something.
a bird runs behind a tree.
a woman in a gray jacket smiles at the camera.
a woman reaches into her purse and pulls out a phone.
a brown dog runs to retrieve a red ball.
a man in a hat dials a number on his phone.
baby yells at camera and plays with toy
a cat jumps off of a bed while chasing a laser pointer.
a baby is reaching for something then takes a bite of food.
a child holding a camera waves at the camera.
the kids run past the camera.
two people go around each other in a circle then pirouette.
the middle child on the stage puts his hands on his hips.
two penguins move towards each other on the ice.
little boy in shallow water falls down
little girl realizes shes made a big mess
kitten bites woman's pinky finger.
little girl pours water on the grass.
woman in sunglasses moves her head close to the camera.
little boy runs up red porch
the doctor gives a baby a shot.
girl on bike talks to camera
baby claps in the basket
cat gets petted with hand wearing a ring
the girl in the white hat speaks to the camera
the musician sets his music stand down
the little girl puts something in her mouth without speaking first
the girl in the pink sweatshirt pushes off from the wall and continues skating
man puts crazy hat on
ballerinas perform a dance
little boy dances
mounted policeman on horse crosses street
lady takes off her glasses
an adult shows a baby how to play with a toy
a baby drinks from a bottle
a dog runs quickly away
girl gives a 'peace sign.'
kid makes a 'cheering' gesture.
a man sticks his tongue out at the camera.
a boy hits the oncoming ping pong ball and it flies to his left.
a girl in a blue shirt waves to the camera.
the man raises his head to reveal the road behind him
the cat leaps away from the person
a man holds a pillow up to the camera
guards turn and lift one knee up in unison
a single biker goes down the path
waves splash against mans feet
a boy dribbles a ball up the court.
a man wearing sunglasses is talking.
a baby put a blue object on a toy.
a little boy goes and pours some water in something then makes it back almost to the other children.
the camera shakes as it photographs a road sign.
santa gives the little boy something blue.
a guy in a hat holds up four fingers.
the man in glasses points at the camera.
the little girl leans in and kisses the man.
someone is tickling a cat's nose.
a little girl takes something out of a cup filled with dark liquid.
a man writes something near the bottom of the paper.
a cat sits down on a small table.
a man licks a bone sample
the adult woman puts her left hand over her mouth
a man in a blue shirt talks to the camera
one girl jumped off the stage.
two men with drinks talking in front of a christmas tree.
sunglasses on the table
drum major twirls baton
cat sits down
laptop screen shown
someone moves an orange go kart off a track
a person strums on a guitar
a person drinks from a gold cup
the dog rolls over and gets a belly rub.
the cat jumps over some boots to get to the ball.
the man in a grey shirt dumps the contents of the red cup into the big bowl.
little girl grabs something and throws it
gerbils run on exercise wheel
man standing up and giving a bow.
child dangling and then falling from a chair.
cat meeting a new friend.
a man in a maroon sweater shakes something
two ice skaters come out of a cave
sleeping through the storm.
a woman takes something off of a table then walks out of the room.
the toy runs into a box.
a child swims on an orange and yellow floatie.
a white car drives on the road in the distance.
there's a park setting then the camera moves right onto a couple.
a man moves from the machine to the left and out of view.
a baby pulls a red block out of a toy and puts it in her mouth.
a woman in a red shirt comes up on stage and stands in front of a microphone.
a message is posted on the wall.
the roller coaster goes past a building with windows.
a girl waves then talks.
the baby is hand fed a small piece of food.
the singer walks through the crowd giving hi-fives.
the boy picks something out of the bin.
the baby throws a fit over the taken sucker
baby throws toys off couch
a toddler picks up something blue.
a woman blows out a puff of smoke.
a cat tries to open a door.
skier start skiing
we find the man outside
girl get off the seat
second set of dancers come on
the baby goes from crouching to standing
the little girl goes under water
man in white shirt break dances
a man wearing a white shirt and yellow tie stands up.
a cat walks up to a woman.
lady in red puts her hand on her shoulder
lady takes the silverwear
girl starts dancing
a child in a black coat walks behind a post in the playground equipment.
a baby is sitting up then leans over his his highchair.
man on camel rides by pyramids
little boy pets rabbit
a baby picks up a bowl and turns it upside down.
someone picks up a red shirt and lays down a green cloth.
a woman waves the fixes her hair with her hand.
a cat raises its head.
a girl in a black tank top and boy in a green tank top perform a dance together
baby plays near dog on the floor
cat plays with persons arm
kitten sleeping in purple sweatpants
the bride claps and jumps up and down.
a woman laughs before turning her back to the camera.
a man presses his foot onto a straw mat placed over a whole.
a dog runs down a hill and stop behind a shrub.
a man is talking and the camera moves left and a woman on a bicycle comes into view.
the camera pans up to a black thing in the sky.
a man rubs his stomach.
a man lifts himself up with his arms.
a man shades his eyes.
a baby walks across a room to a black bag.
a girl gets back into formation.
a woman puts a spoon near a baby's mouth and the baby leans forward.
a boy spins around in circles on his hands and knees then stands up.
a man walks past a child as he climbs the stone steps.
a girl in a purple shirt tilts her head.
a group of dancers break apart and form three groups.
a child in a pirate hat pets a dog.
a woman moves away from a window.
a dog pulls something out of the water.
a woman walks on the stage fixing her shirt.
the baby gets a shot in its leg.
the black and white cat climbs into the third shelf.
the blonde woman takes off her sunglasses.
a woman with a purse runs up to the children.
a guy in a blue jacket walks onto stage.
the brown horse comes to a stop and turns its head.
two little girls stand up.
a little girl walks around a wall.
a little boy reaches a door.
a child jumps up and down.
someone shakes a white mouse.
a man is talking and the camera stays on him.
the camera pans right and a white boat comes into view.
a bus stops.
a man is playing guitar and lifts his arm up.
dog bowls a gutter ball
baby grabs the blanket
camera zooms in on sign of bar
the baby grabs the yellow toy from the person
the dog goes from standing to sitting
the girl with a green bag walks by
traditional african dances
marching of the flag.
a man in a black coat walks past a woman in a white shirt.
a woman is stirring something in a container.
the dog eats some grass.
a man smoking a cigarette while riding a motorcycle pans to his face.
a man in a flannel shirt and holding a cup crosses his arms.
a pug eats from a silver dog dish.
a man in glasses and a child talk and laugh for the camera.
camera goes underwater.
close up shot of grandma.
the man in the bear outfit starts the water fight by squirting the man in the cardinal outfit.
start pouring the drink
doors open and people come out
girls fall down
the cat's head is next to a wall and a cabinet then he turns around and chases the mouse.
puppets appear over a stage.
a fox starts to yawn.
a man in a blue vest walks behind some people sitting at a table.
two people hug each other in the middle of the stage.
a dog walks up to a little girl then walks away.
a yellow and black tram passes by on the street.
the tabby kitten pounces on the fluffy kitten.
a man in white flips and tumbles across the floor.
a toddler makes some bike petals go around once then stands up and walks away then bends back down.
a bike rider in a yellow shirt goes past.
a man with an american flag walks by to the left.
a young girl holding a violin gives the peace sign while walking back to her seat.
a child raises its hands over its head.
an otter swims in circles.
man picks up bee on his finger
there is a picnic table in the scene
there is a bicycle in the background
the man pulls a plant out and hands it to the child
a man is walking out a door and the camera zooms in on him.
a little girl gets up from her chair.
the front line of dancers wave their things around.
a woman puts the microphone into her other hand.
a woman with blonde hair and a striped shirt comes into view.
a group in skirts walks out of the picture.
a girl throws a stick into the water.
two people walk up to temple in rain
a woman removes a pair of pants from a plastic bag.
a person exits the temple and turns right to view a statue.
a man turns around to wave at the helicopter flying above.
a toddler closes a toilet lid.
three woman on the state bend over.
a little girl in pink grabs the netting.
dog goes through the tube and over the ramp
two ladies walk past the car
two dancers are crouching then they stand up.
scuba diver takes off his goggles underwater
bride and groom hug each other on altar
a baby picks up something from his highchair tray with his right hand.
the fourth man from the right dunks himself under the water.
a man wearing a black and white shirt stands up.
a man licks a stick.
a woman covers her mouth with her hand.
there's a man with a red shirt and a goatee.
a man with a red jacket around his wait points at something.
a child hugs someone's legs.
wrestling men fall to the ground.
three people in white shirts and blue skirts stand at the front of a stage with bows. everyone else is standing behind them.
a woman in a black dress stands up and speaks into the microphone to four people sitting on a stage.
a man put down a blue umbrella.
two men on the right turn around to see the man on the left.
the plane goes across the roof of a building.
a man with a red bandana on his head is playing guitar.
child gets up and starts running
child raises toy over her head
drummer walks by
lady in white shirt waves
boy bowls down the snowball
lady grabs her drink
a baby is looking away then turns towards the camera.
there is an arrow on the whiteboard the points to the left.
a man picks up a worm.
kids throwing rocks in a ditch.
boys bowing and fighting karate.
little boy slides down the slide.
little boy slides down slide.
a bowling ball knocks over a wooden post.
a child kneels down beside a stream.
a woman touches a statue's nose.
a little girl pushes her tricycle.
a man with sideburns smiles
two people walk towards the camera
the photographer walks up to get a close shot
a child in a purple shirt goes around a girl in a red shirt.
two people wearing yellow shirts and carrying a green sign go past the camera.
a child turns to an adult.
a little boy kicks a blue toy towards him.
a little girl puts a spoonful of food into her mouth.
fog moves in toward the ice skater.
the lady in green playfully wags her finger in disagreement.
two people standing on the deck of a ship.
seagull grabs a fish and swims away from the other seagull.
dog runs an event course with his owner/trainer.
a white plane approaches a blue and white plane on a runway.
a child wearing a blue uniform stands up.
a baby rolls over onto their back.
couple waves funny at the camera
drum line stops and turns right
after numerous attempts to drop his toy thwarted by the older man, the boy finally succeeds.
girl falls off stage then climbs back up
coming down a mud slide.
bird soaring and landing in a field
models approach end of catwalk, pause and turn around
baby bird appears hungry or upset
the man repeatedly turns between the camera and his stick of fire.
the man continues to run with the dog as the dog jumps over one more hurdle then going through a red tunnel.
the man picks up his daughter before she wabbles again.
a man in a black jacket wearing an orange shirt sits outside at a table.
a man with grey hair and glasses talks to the camera.
two people get into sports car
a dog turns around in a tunnel.
a woman in a blue shirt laughs.
a yellow race car pulls into the pit.
a little boy waves at the camera.
the camera pans from the snow to a skier then back to the snow.
a woman takes a pair of child's pants out of a bag.
there's a helicopter then a black car.
man in full gear rides donkey down street
baby stands at table and plays with toy
little dog approaches camera
a man jumps up and down while watching the dancers.
both dogs run towards the back of the room.
one of the cats gazes up with its head behind the curtain.
a cat sniffs a baby's hand.
a man wipes his forehead with a white cloth.
a man stops marching near the end of a blue line on the pavement.
little kid runs at camera at baseball game
woman crosses bridge on forest hike
man removes top half of fish and flips over the bottom.
adult hands the baby a slice of apple.
a little girl takes a yellow, white and blue toy, and places it on the counter at the opposite side of the room.
dog jumps on the chair and off again
two men have a hug
man on the back puts a strp around the neck of the man at the front
someone pets the cat
a person in a grey shirt adjusts their clothes
the baby picks up a small cymbal and tosses it on the floor.
a white dog wearing a pink cast on it's leg walks over to stand beside a grey dog.
a man blows out some candles on a cake.
a man walks up a set of stairs.
the train doors open.
a car drives behind some trees.
a man touches a white box then looks at his thumb.
a roomba goes under a book case.
a girl in a blue shirt runs onto the stage.
the camera pans over to a van.
the toddler starts pressing some buttons on the remote.
a toddler in a white shirt and green pants grabs a green ball and sits down on it.
zoom into the tent
dog runs away then comes back
man gives the shush sign
a woman in an orange shirt and a man in a white shirt and black sweater kiss.
a woman in a cowboy hat standing behind a horse begins to pet it.
a woman in a blue shirt stomps on a muddy tarp as she spreads it out.
a person draws a 'peace sign' using purple chalk.
a woman uses the trackpad on a laptop
the camera pans across a tree with white bark
go karts drive down the street
an adult picks up and moves a child
little kid slides down green slide
a cat stands up and begins walking away.
a man in a black shirt kicks a soccer ball.
a man in a suit points at some writing on a wall.
man rides escalator up
schoolchildren singing at assembly
man in the windy tent sleeps
man sits down
bungee jumper lands in the water
two women smile and wave at the camera.
a woman on a bicycle rides by.
the girl in blue stands on a bench and leads her dog around.
a swan lifts its head out of the water.
a cat curls its tail.
a boy in a red shirt run in front of a baby in a yellow shirt.
a woman in an orange tank top take a hold of a pole.
a little girl walks forward then stops and turns around.
the camera moves from a woman's feet to sand on the beach.
a man in a red scarf wipes his forehead.
the woman pushes her hair back after drinking from the bottle.
one baby elephant makes its way out of the pool.
lady puts her hand on her forhead
second cat walks away
a bicycle is leaning against a railing.
a tabby kitten jumps on another kitten.
a woman in a red pantsuit walks down a set of stairs.
a baby crawls towards something off camera.
a man in an old, green car drives the car forward.
a man points to an arrow on a whiteboard.
a person picks up an earthworm.
acrobat does a hand stand
caltrain logo passes by
dog gets up off the floor
big brother playing with little brother.
the cork of the bottle pops off
the dog runs over the yellow and red apparatus
a woman is driving then the camera pans to windshield wipers.
a little boy runs out of the water onto the sand.
a little girl takes a yellow stick from a baby.
horses cross a white line painted on the road.
a little boy falls of of a bicycle.
a dog eats some snow.
a baby puts its hands over its eyes and starts to fall over.
a person wearing a whit jacket pets the animal that the kid in red holds in his hands.
a black cat rubs against a wall in a house
a man in a white shirt points at the mountains in the distance
a person walks over and sit on the mans leggs trying to help him do sit ups
a man drinks from a glass
a group of people watch as a rocket launches into the air
woman helps little boy climb up wall
diver approaches weird sea creature
baby in tiger suit plays with toy on floor
boy throws shaker down
man blows out the candles
the boy throws the ball into the water
a man rides the back of an alligator
a person hits the white ball that is inside the blue circular cat toy
the boy moves out of screen for a second and then comes back
the man pushes the truck back onto all four tires.
the scuba diver lifts his goggles to show his face.
the bride and groom kiss.
large dog chases small dog
child holds guitar in one hand
boy scratches head before winding pedles
bird jumps on beer kegs
walk past left to rifgt with flag
man grabs the toddler
man wipes the face of the child
person with sunglasses smiles
child twirls food on the fork
man is intently concentrating behind the wheel, driving a car.
a man with a white helmet drives a motorcycle around a bend in the street.
a man in a santa hat places a bowl down towards the middle of the table.
a boy dismounts the contraption, running towards the camera operator.
the cameraman shows his feet in the clear water while small waves roll in.
the little girl takes it apart and plays.
the cat's tail can be seen.
the men in tan hug a man in a blue shirt.
the soldier turns to the left.
a man put a kitten on the floor.
a baby put their hand near their mouth.
showing computer downloading something
somebody runs by in the background
the person runs off the hill
the boy waves the yellow thing around
the person presses the object three times
a woman gets a spoonful of food from a plate and moves it towards a baby's mouth.
a man holds a frisbee over his head to make his dog jump.
a dog is rolling around in grass.
someone stops scratching a kitten's belly.
a child drinks from a plastic pool.
a woman takes a drink from a can.
a person in jeans approaches the cat.
a toddler crawls by a window.
a little girl puts an item on the shelf.
an older woman looks at a large stuffed rabbit.
a kit with red hair eats his dinner.
the baby looks down at his highchair tray and reaches his arm out.
baby uses table leg to help stand up
person moves the position of the pan in the sink
boy in hat runs away from see-saw
woman runs to the screen door
baby in pink hat slides down the slide
the girl grabs the food
the character throws the ball
the baby grabs the towel
the man connects the pieces
the baby picks up dirt and puts it in the water
the girl picks the statue's nose
the child puts something in his mouth
a man steps on a balloon.
a little girl picks something up off of the floor to put on a man's head but the man raises his arm to stop her.
a woman chews her food.
cat plays with tent toy
parachuters land in field
baby girl holds hands together
people running around in the snow
a little girl turns around in a circle.
the camera pans to a crowd.
a little girl picks up her toy then falls down.
a little girl goes underwater.
a man with a black t shirt with lips printed on the front walk by the camera from right to left.
a train stops.
someone puts a baby in a little girl's lap.
a cat is eating from one bowl but leans over and start eating from the other bowl.
elephant gives man bottle to feed him
woman walks up to podium to speak
the camera pans to the passenger side window.
the bike riders start going.
a boy gets off of some playground equipment.
a man pushes his jeep back onto its wheels.
a man reaches the top of the rune.
a baby boy crawls out of a children's play pool.
a young man blows out the candles of his birthday cake.
two children holding their toys in the backseat of a car.
a man makes the first cut into the salmon
someone gives an apple slice to the baby
a girl gives the peace symbol while posing for the camera.
a small bird drinks from a hanging bird waterer.
sprinkling seasoning on ground beef cooking
a little girl sitting and her brother walks by
child falls down and gets back up
girl places dog on bench
woman lifts baby up
two men shake hands and hug
two people turn a plate.
a woman bends down to a toddler that's in the pool.
a parachute rises over a hill.
a dog walks to a window.
the camera starts on a violin player in a black shirt then pans to a violin player in a red shirt.
a woman rolls a cart across some cement.
there are some doors that open.
a cat slides into a chair.
little girl turns toward the camera and starts to clap.
little black bird pops out from behind a tree.
lady is talking to the camera and it starts to turn clockwise.
the lady who is holding the little boy picks him up.
an adult wipes a child's face.
a woman smokes
a cat walks away from a closed door
a little boy rocks back and forth and in a circular movement while sitting on the floor
the cat stands.
the ball switches from the black team to the white team.
the man gestures to lettering on a wooden box.
a little league player in a blue shirt and blue hat runs excitedly to the cameraperson.
a hiker in shorts and carrying an orange backpack crosses a bridge over a beautiful waterfall.
a boy claps before going to the cooler to pull out a 4th can and placing it on the stack of cans, clapping again.
a white minivan drives down the street and is then followed by a police cruiser and motorcycle turning the corner.
the video pans from the mountains in the distance to a group of people cheering.
a man points a camera into the distance.
a person picks something up off of a table.
a man with a white hat walks past the camera.
a man turns around with a baby on a blanket.
the toddler moves to check out a different product.
a man is putting on a red shirt in a room with blue walls.
the man steps towards the desk as he proceeds to button his shirt.
the man finishes buttoning his shirt as he motions to the camera.
the man scratches his nose before picking up something from the desk.
he pours a solution into another.
the man presses his fingers to his temples.
the kid twirls the lightsaber to the left.
the kid turns around with the lightsaber and walks into another room.
a baby crawls out of an inflatable pool.
a woman puts a birthday cake with candles in front of a young boy.
a boy in a car seat puts his hand in his mouth.
a woman adjusts her sunglasses.
an alligator stops swimming underneath something hanging on a string.
a man with a white shirt walks onto the stage.
a toddler pushes a grown man on a small red toy car.
the child sticks the pole into the net
little girl in ballerina outfit spins around
two kids push red chairs across floor
gondolier rows by camera
a black cat walks out of a box that the orange cat used to be in.
a woman in a yellow shirt waves at the camera.
the boy attempts to hit the softball.
the crowd watches the runner.
the man swims with the baby then takes him to the side of the pool.
a man starts to ski downhill.
a toddler get off of a couch.
girl in red shirt walks by
swimmers flipper comes out of the water
the skier turns the camera upon himself.
the camera pans to show the houses on the waterfront.
a girl is doing a balance beam routine while sitting.
baby takes first bite.
boy turns handle.
a dog runs out of a yard than back in.
the camera goes into a building and stops at a wooden door with windows.
man on dock looks at boat
pee wee herman types on laptop
second dog appears
go under the bridge
the word open is first shown on the screen over an orange logo
a dog climbs up and over a silver ladder
the old man tries to take a picture with a camera
a man in a blue jacket walks away and sits beside a fire.
the bird eats a piece of food left on the platform.
a child falls onto a red mat.
a dog runs across a field then stops and turns around.
two girls walk into the room.
the man smiles at the camera
the man scores and raises his hands to cheer
the cat looks up at the camera
cat chases laser pointer around
cat plays with toy on floor
a dog wags its tail
a woman holds a blue umbrella
a person holds a cat
a woman holds a corn on the cob while a man eats from it.
a man in a short sleeved collared shirt is playing foosball.
a man brings a music stand over
a girl in a pink shirt holds onto the wall
two people carry a marching band banner.
a crowd of onlookers stands by.
a car does a turn and manages to drive away.
the camera focuses on a small cabin or house.
a gray car begins to exit a driveway
a dog runs over a ramp
the baby claps its hands
two guys do flips
people step outside a van
a kid runs in front of the camera
the man drops the toy into the box accidently.
picture goes out of focus then back
lady holds her head in her hands
baby crawl over the mat
the camera pans to the guy filming the scene.
the father shields his child from glaring sunlight.
they all take their shots.
an airplane makes contact with ground, proceeds to decelerate across runway.
two people walk by a man in a gray hoodie
an rc car spins then hits an obstruction
man moves his child through the water close by camera.
dog walks away from the food
baby points outside the window
lady shows the train tickets
camera goes underwater at a lake
little girl plays with stuffed animals
a man pulls up his shorts.
a toddler kicks a ball and runs to a teenager in a white shirt.
a child puts something on a man's head as they play on the carpet.
a woman with brown hair and bangs takes a bite of food.
lady with a hat humps up and down
girls turn at the end of the runway
bird opens its mouth
someone shakes a pan that's on the stove.
a plane flies in blue sky.
a woman turns over a photograph and puts on a book then turns a page and covers it with clear plastic.
a baby puts both hands on a remote control.
a baby is shaking both of her hands and she leans over.
a dog lies down.
a car drives past a saxophone player.
a little girl throws a ball to a man who hits is with a racket.
a woman in a green dress point to a woman in a pink dress.
a dog looks up at two children in a chair.
a boy hits a ball off of a stand.
the camera pans from a baby in a highchair to a christmas tree.
a man put a wheelbarrow flat on the ground.
a runner in a yellow shirt comes into view.
a toy falls on the floor.
a boy in a striped shirt pumps water.
a child colors on a piece of paper with a marker.
someone is holding a remote control.
the little girl spins, nearly knocking her back against the wall
the older boy grabs the baby's chair to make sure he doesn't hit the dining set.
men embrace then leave room
dog examines its own footprints
a boy with a green shirt runs then throws the ball.
two woman hold green fans in front of them.
a girl step onto a platform.
a boy hits a frisbee over and over.
a man holds up a pillow that was on his lap.
the men stand in line perfectly still.
one bicycle rider rides by after all the rest.
the woman throws a slinky
the guy throws down a torch
the dog jumps through a hoop
the person picks up the kid
a man paddles a boat
dragon get up
man in red shirt pushes away man in white shirt
young man gives sign to the camera
computer screen is shown
a girl crosses her arms in front of her face.
a man in a black jacket spoons something onto his plate.
a man raises his arms.
man unwraps a shoe
boy in red talks in the microphone
view of outside
man in red shirt walks accross the track
baby rolling over.
a man in a dark blue polo raises his arms and dances.
some of the dancers lower to the floor, to their knees.
the girl grabs a penguin.
the girl with the pink shirt throws something
the woman in the white shirt and man in black shirt talk to the camera
an animals runs into a gray barrel.
two men twirl their batons and then the men begin marching.
a cat sits down on a newspaper then meows.
a man sticks out his tongue.
a woman walks by in the background
a woman is on the screen
the person touches the dog's right paw with his hand
the little boy kicks the ball back to his mother
the little girl and boy are dancing he walks away
a man in a navy shirt walks over to the fire.
the toddler points to the word 'caution' on the sign.
a bird jumps up to the surface with food on it.
a brunette woman in a green dress dances.
a black and white dog runs through an indoor agility course.
a man carries a young child sitting in a clear plastic tub through the snow.
a yellow lab jumps into a swimming pool.
baby boy walks towards his mother
ride starts up and pods move up and down
lady with an umbrella
adult and child start to ski together
slinky stick on the stairs with a cat watching
girl climb on the stand
man points into the distance.
man turns camera toward woman in sunglasses.
man in the hat turns camera towards himself.
train drives by.
a person enters a building.
a dog follows a man and a girl on a tricycle
two men play air hockey
a cat looks at the person holding the camera
a baby points her finger towards her face.
a woman takes a picture and a flash goes off.
a man's head is all that it shows then the camera pans around to the street.
a cat stands up and turns around.
a blonde boy lifts his hands towards a white house in the distance.
a dog goes through a red tunnel.
a boy rides his scooter to a white door and gets off of it.
a baby lifts a corner of a red cloth then tuns around and walks away from it.
he talks to the air before starting with the pizza
she pulls off the last of the wrapping
he gets lettuce in his face.
a woman runs her hands down her head.
a baby leans over and begins crawling.
a man straightens out some ornaments hanging on a rack.
a man uses his finger to make a phone menu scroll up and then down.
two children bow to each other.
the baby pulls the toilet seat down.
a cheerleader finishes shaking her pom pom and poses with it by bending her arm over her head.
the dog runs over the seesaw
a child in a striped shirt bounces her back against the net.
a man in a blue shirt walks off of a stage.
a dog is yawning.
a woman wearing glasses smiles at the camera.
squirrel poses for the camera
dancers prepare to start to dance
a man wears a hat on his head
ballerinas dance out onto a stage
a child walks backwards
a person on a horse crosses the street
a man starts running with his dog.
a boy on a skateboard falls down.
a cat looks away from his bowl.
a woman with a red apron walks towards the camera.
blue go karter hits wall
kid in white rolls down hill
little girl spins around then falls down
a woman puts the child's feet on the footholds.
someone is pointing to an eye thing that's under water. the the camera move through the water.
a baby puts his hand in his mouth then shakes his arms.
a black car drives by.
you see the side of the road.
a girl gets on a riding toy.
a man crosses his arms.
a man break dances with a baton and ribbon in front of a crowd.
a yellow lab rolls around with a toy in a living room.
a child holds onto the side of a pool
a person ski's down a slope
a man rocks a baby on a chair
a man shovels dirt in a yard.
an adult male and a young boy kick a ball to each other.
a cat is snuggled in a purple blanket.
a girl and her father play fetch with their dog.
the girl in pink goes down.
the plane takes off
she spins around in circles and dances.
person in light blue dinosaur costume runs by.
man takes a bite of corn.
man puts down his shirt.
man in long sleeve shirt suddenly jerks up his right arm.
a baby puts something into his mouth.
there is a woman and the camera moves down and there is a jolly roger doormat.
the camera goes from underwater and up to some trees.
there's a woman with white hair and a man reaches across her to get some food.
a dog starts to walk away.
there's the nasa logo.
a teenager grabs a child and jumps in the water.
all the dancers are shaking their hoops and someone with a hoop runs in front of them.
two woman begin to pour something from a bottle into a giant glass.
a large man in a black coat steps off of the train.
a girl in a white shirt runs around a table.
baby eats food from plate
gymnast does back somersault on beam
a mother picks up her child.
a dog runs away from the camera.
a baby falls to their side.
little girl sits on mother on floor
man looks out window
father who carries his child struggles to keep sun out of infants eyes.
baby would rather eat hand than purred food.
friends make a toast while at party
a toddler puts both of his hands into a bin then leans over.
a man sets something onto a counter.
a man puts his fingers on his temples.
a toddler turns around and starts to walk through a doorway.
the kid rides towards the white door
the baby turns to walk towards the brown paper
fall off the tires
open the box of pizza
little girl waving goodbye.
get her diploma at graduation.
a boy in an orange shirt climbs up the slide.
a father disciplines his child.
a man in a red shirt smile.
powder comes out of the machine.
man in long sleeve shirt throws bowling ball down the lane and knocks down all but three pins.
little girl takes bug from man's hand.
the camera pans across the water.
a girl in a white shirt walks behind the dancers.
a man jumps off of a platform.
an elephant uses its trunk to hand something to a man.
a woman holding a microphone walks off stage.
a young boy hands santa clause a blue toy.
the large group of cyclists just round the corner.
the group of people celebrate into the camera.
man taking a photo than camera pans to a tree.
the camera pans from the crowd to the fountain.
the hiker drops his hands and glances towards the camera.
the baby raises something to his mouth.
the camera moves from the woman down to a skull and cross bones welcome mat.
a blue cart turns a corner.
a woman walks away from the microphone.
a girl in a pink dress falls down.
a finger scoops whipped cream from the baby's cake.
the seagull flutters its wings.
the dog runs through a yellow tunnel.
a little boy kicks a ball twice.
someone covered in a yellow sheet waves.
a girl pulls a dog up onto a bench.
a woman lifts a baby.
girl keeps her eyes covered
go into the seven eleven
man in a boat starts to paddle
a man in a black jacket walks in front of the camera
a woman digs a spoon into some powder
a dog runs in the grass
a man paddle boards in the ocean.
boy in red get off first
woman walks to window and throws something out
girl rides down the slide
man enters from left side and sits on chair
a girl gives a peace sign
a blue van makes a right turn
a man grabs the zebra toy
someone is playing with a cat with their finger.
a little girl puts an egg in a cup of dye and reaches in and grabs it.
someone is using a marker to sign a pictured autograph.
one cart swerves in front of another one
a boy begins a somersault down a hill.
a little girl stands up.
baby tries solid food for first time.
a man in a white shirt bowls and leaves pins standing.
a little girl in a white dress holds a bug and it flies away
three men sit on a mountain and look out at the view while talking
the lady bends over
the camera pans over to a man
the man gets off the bed
a person takes off an edge with a parachute.
a brown rat climbs on top of its cage.
a group of men are playing trombones.
a woman in a fur trimmed coat looks at the fish on display at the market.
a child in a green shirt falls down.
cat pounces on toy.
a man gets into the driver side of a grey car.
a dog goes through a blue tunnel.
a baby looks up at a balloon.
a baby puts something blue on her lap.
a man shows some meat to a cat.
a cat walks to the front tire of a bicycle and jumps up a bit when he gets to it.
the dancers move backwards then forward.
a little girl throws something.
a rat jumps off of a box then walks around to the front of it.
a man turns to two woman who are holding a big white sign that has writing on it.
a man put a bow on a violin.
a woman with a microphone stands up.
women in gray takes photo with flash using silver digital camera.
man wearing sunglasses filming crowd adjusts the camera to reveal his face.
tabby cat rolls over on carpet without the person petting her.
boy joins in the game
wrap up the chopped vegitables
girl chooses the item and puts the rest on the table
a small black dog sniffs a larger curly haired tan dog while the larger dog is laying down.
a little girl in a blue shirt holds an instrument and stands up with it.
dad tickling young sons feet
young child playing with bucket
a man sits on a bench with two barbells.
a woman in a red dress walks past the camera.
there's scenery then the camera pans to a man's face.
the kid begins crawling to the left
water is dumped from the black pot
the child furthest to the right dips her hand into the bowl shared by the other children.
someone picks up the red shirt.
the woman holding the baby waves at the camera.
the cat lifts its head from its bed.
picnic table
boys with red shirt talks to the mircophone
boy with black shirt start to walk down the path
man helps the boy with a plant
a cat standing in front of a green and orange cat house turns his head.
a man with a parachute lands on the ground.
a baby puts her hands near her mouth, pulls them away then puts them back.
a camera moves past some curtains.
a woman closes a door.
a hamster crawls out of a purple plastic holder.
a boy in a blue hat falls down in the pool.
a baby pulls itself across a kitchen floor.
a group of models walk down a runway'
a girl kneels down and removes a book from a shelf.
a dog jumps over a yellow and red bar
the baby reaches down with his left hand to pick up the food
the person on the right of the screen goes under the water
the man with glasses and the green shirt talks to the audience
a man in a pink shirt is pointing and talking.
the baby takes something out of his mouth.
someone is petting a cat.
a kid walks to his mom.
the man jumps up and down.
the woman pets the dog on its head.
two girls enter the room and close the door behind them.
a monkey jumps onto the building and hops away.
the monkey disappears off screen.
the girl gets a book and pages through it.
she blew out all the many candles on the cake.
traditional dancing
child places grocery item in cart
a tree comes into view.
a red race car goes zooming past
a man grabs the toddler just before she reaches the water.
a little girl in a red hat stands at the side of the path then starts walking.
man points at friend with a beard.
man lifts two bloody marys.
rocket shoots up to the sky.
a man in a maroon shirt sits down.
a person bungie jumps off a platform in the water.
a dog sits on the sidewalk.
a helicopter flies through the air.
a black cat appears in the scene
the person takes a photo from the book
a child grabs a lego from a pile
a woman with short hair and glasses makes funny faces
a baby plays with a remote
cat gives up cahsing
shake the pan on the stove
airplane takes off
a man takes something from a woman.
a dog runs behind a black and yellow tunnel.
the camera starts on a cave then pans up.
a baby gets a shot in its leg.
a child pours something from one container into another.
a woman in yellow waves as here and her son ride a carnival ride.
dog runs away from group of men.
woman jumps onto inflatable water tubes.
pregnant woman waves at camera
swing rider looks at giant church
little boy rides around on toy car
man rolls hot glass on table
person sunbathing on beach
a woman spins around several times very fast.
a man skates backwards into the view of the camera.
a woman in a green shirt shakes her finger.
the camera start on the top of the boat then pans right to the ocean.
a woman gestures to her friend who smiles and waves.
a little girl stomps on snowballs.
a woman picks up a glass and leaves the room.
a baby runs over to a handbag before a woman in black chases after them.
a little boy takes of his hat and places it on the floor.
a baby giggles after receiving a spoonful of food.
a bald man in a grey sweater takes a drink.
five airplanes fly over head.
a group of people give high fives
the kid touches a white paper
a dog stands up.
a woman runs into a pile of inflatable pillows.
a bird lands near a pond.
a child in a red shirt watches a plane take off.
a dog stands up on a bed.
a guy throws something up in the air.
the man slides down the mountain.
the bird lands on the ground.
a kitten chews on a string
a little girl gives two thumbs up.
a little boy runs across the room then falls down.
a boy in a yellow shirt gives the skateboard to a girl in a pink shirt.
a banner suspended from a ceiling waves in the air.
the man in the red shirt pushes the man in the white shirt out of the way.
the blonde haired man in the green jump suit shows off his gear.
a man in a green shirt and a man in a blue cap behind a microphone and a laptop.
the two men exchange a hug.
the child stacks the last chair and picks them all up.
the dog steps out into the snow.
a camera moves away from a crowd showing the british flag.
the camera moves up to show the little girl's face.
a man and woman kiss.
a girl walks around a horse.
a woman steps a few times on a blanket then starts to spread it out.
a woman draws a line through a circle.
baby stand up in front of the mirror
child in purple shirt gets the toys
swimmers pass by
a woman in a green sweater is handed a present wrapped in gold wrapping paper.
a woman covers her mouth with her hand.
the cat with gray fur stands near the door.
a little girl tucks in a baby that's on the couch.
someone is playing the guitar then the camera pans to a woman with long black hair.
a child sits down and pulls a toy.
a dog walks on a snowy plain.
a camera moves left then start moving over the water.
a baby picks up a toy from the floor.
a train comes down the tracks.
a person walks into a building and looks at pictures on the wall.
a ballerina dances in a tutu alone on a stage and exits the stage behind a curtain
a man in a black shirt and jeans break dances on the ground
a little girl in a white shirt kisses a baby that another little girl in a yellow shirt is holding while sitting on a woman in a pink shirt's lap.
the woman with a plaid shirt does a cartwheel.
a man stands in the middle of a square holding a fire stick.
a man stands on top of a mountain he just climbed.
a cat jumps in the air
a man in sun glasses speaks into the camera
a white boat sits in the water
blue light illuminates coral reef and turns off.
man collapses under boy's weight.
father touches baby's face to his nose.
the cat yawns.
a dragon stands up.
a lady flips her hair back then adjusts her coat.
the blond toddler climbs up the step by himself.
the blond haired toddler goes down the slide.
the blond haired toddler goes down the slide.
a man starts pulling some children on a green sled.
a cat lets go of a black cord it is playing with.
a woman looks at the snow falling outside.
a kid in a black shirt crashes on a halfpipe.
an orange, black and white cat eating from a dish of food.
someone gives a crying baby a lollipop.
2 ballerinas spin in a circle
man on top of vehicle throws first log off the roof of the vehicle.
a squirrel runs over a stump.
a dog wags its tail.
a baby pulls a dog's tail.
a woman with a white shirt walks past the camera.
a person's finger points to the trees.
a parrot is standing alone.
a snowboarder comes down the mountain
a squirrel picks up a peanut and runs away
the plane lifts off from the ground
a dark colored dog is met by a brown dog in the hallway.
a man in a grey sweatshirt, drinks from a glass.
a group of onlookers watch a a pair of aircraft fly overhead.
a person riding a ski lift, looks behind them to see other lifts.
people walking on a narrow street.
the man grabs a dog's leash
the baby drags the blanket away
the cat looks at the camera
a boy in an orange shirt runs up a slide.
a boy falls over on the grass as a boy in a blue shirt runs up to him.
a man is playing the guitar and then the camera pans to the left.
a red button flashes on a machine and milk starts to pour out.
a little girl jumps up and down.
a small boy runs near a woman.
a boy in a yellow shirt rises up from a scooter.
a golden retriever stands on a pink object as it watches two black dogs run by.
a red car is in the lot.
a man speaks and turns as a man walks up with a laptop.
a man gets on the floor and starts spinning on his back.
a dog runs towards the camera.
a woman holds a little girl to keep her from kissing the baby again.
two dogs run towards the camera and through the room with gray carpet.
a cat jumps up into some curtains.
a man and woman smile and pose for the camera.
a woman in a red shirt cranks a large lever to the right of a large machine.
a little blonde girl puts a red toy in her mouth.
a cat chases something.
a cat lies down to play with a toy.
an adult takes a toddler's hand.
a woman's finger turns a toy in the front of the baby's jumper.
a baby removes his hand from his mouth.
a dog rolls around on the lawn then stands up.
the man is talking and the camera moves right to a snow covered mountain.
a squirrel picks up and object.
a plane lifts off of the ground.
the camera moves right past a man's hand then stops on a bush.
there is a group of people.
a woman takes a drink then wipes her mouth.
an elephant walks to the front of the pool
the cat eagerly awaits to play.
the cat goes through the plastic fence with ease.
the owner focuses on the cat while there are dogs there.
the cameraman drinks a shot with his buddy.
the man has had enough of the drink.
the men begin to start the event.
the man hands a microphone to his buddy.
a man sits down after obtaining a mic.
they turn their attention to the men on the couch.
they shift their attention back to the casters.
a baby walks away from a sofa.
the man puts down his spatulas.
a little girl plays with her hair looking away from the camera.
the toddler in the white shirt hugs the baby.
the woman picks up the long decoration from in front of her.
the person in the green shirt picks up the guitar and starts playing.
the airplane disappears behind the treeline.
the lighting turns blue on an underwater plant.
a man tries to pick a child up on his shoulders but put the child back down.
a man pulls a child's face next to his.
a cat yawns.
someone pets a dog on the head.
a toddler crosses a doorway.
a cat walks behind a white cloth.
a man pours out a cup of something on a tray that a man is holding.
the ball rolls towards a little boy who picks it up.
a man sits on an alligator.
someone pushes a cat toy back.
a boy takes some straw from an adult's hand.
a woman puts a book in front of her face.
a man shakes his head no.
a man kisses a baby.
a person gestures toward a field
a dog goes through a red tube
a person touches a black circle on a white screen
the little girl runs away, frightened.
there is a t-shirt with skeletal hands.
the people are swimming close to the manta-ray.
an alligator tries to bite bait that is jerked away
a plane flies by a group of onlookers.
a boston terrier abandons his toy to walk toward the camera operate and be pet.
the man in the white shirt and pants lights something on fire in his hand and he proceeds to juggle it with both his hands and feet before it drops.
a man in a red jacket blows into his hands, to warm them.
an orange cat leaps a gap between a couch.
old man talks on phone
delivery van drives by large party
drummers go by
child throws the stick for the dog
dump the leggos in the box
a boy in a black shirt throws a ball.
someone sprays water on a woman's legs.
a child is holding a green toy.
there is a cat on the kitchen counter.
there is a red plastic cup.
a man turns a menu over.
a man puts his hand on his nose.
a man in the background walks past a man in the foreground.
a dog jumps over a red jump.
an otter jumps into a pool.
a woman is bent over her dog and they start to run.
laughing woman slumps over to her right.
motorcycle enters frame from right and quickly zoom out to the left.
polar bear jumps from ledge into shallow water.
pit stop is finished and car takes off
little boy gets up to wave at the camera
man slides on the water slide
boy runs out of the water
toddler takes the toy from the baby
a woman turns around and points to some people behind her.
a dog jumps over two white jumps.
a man walks up and places a child in a box on the ground.
a dog jumps into a pool and starts swimming.
the dog sleeps so soundly he doesn't notice the person messing with his paws.
a person crosses the rapids on a minimal wooden bridge.
a baby takes a bite of a banana and someone takes it away.
a man in a black shirt jumps over two men in the street.
a man in a blue sweatshirt with white stripes down the sleeves gets out of a gray van.
man kicks the ball into the corner of the room
some type of aircraft launches into the air followed by smoke
red bear mascot dances
horses run around corral
the man puts a fish in the bag.
a little boy leans down to see what the girl is doing.
two people stand in front of an entrance to a building.
a man with a blue shirt walks by.
a man takes something out of a woman's hands.
a man lets a black and white dog off of a leash.
a woman in a blue sweater stands with her back to the ocean.
airplane fly's by
lady tells the kids what to do
baby rolls over
cat goes to the microwave
a little girl climbs to the top of a slide.
a little girl touches her face.
a bearded man walks around a table.
the person begins filming snow
a dog enters the scene
bride dances
cat jumps down
lady start to eat
man steps on mesh
parachuter flies through mountains
a woman smiles at the camera.
one dog fights with another dog that is under a table.
a woman jumps on a man's back.
buff guy lifting weights
A dog is running in a zig zag obstacle course.
Many cars in procession approach intersection
Man sits down in chair
Man films self during walk
Baby plays with dog.
man lights object in his hands on fire and proceeds to toss around
two guys cheers and hit their hands
you can see the butt of this woman
Little girl steps on snowballs
THE BAKER IS NOT TOUCHING THE MASS
THERE IS A WOMAN CLAPING
Two more ice skaters emerge from the tunnel.
The parachuter lands.
The man in the black shirt makes a funny face.
The man in the maroon polo takes his dog on to the contest field.
A view of the house from the garden.
The women in the orange shirt introduces the man in the white shirt and yellow tie.
Bulldozer spins around
Dog runs up and down ramp
Ducks are swimming back and forth.
Boy shakes cocktail shaker
Cat jumps on table
cheers laughing

Little kid dances on the stage.

Two skaters skate in a circle around one another.

A man gets food from a bowl.

The man parasailing lands safely.

Dog jumps in pool and swims
Train passes under bridge
Camera underwater comes back above water
Little girl plays with hair
Man drinks bloody mary
A person is dancing in a room. 
Pregnant woman waves at camera
A dog along with another walking dog
A man rowing the boat
A vendor hands the product to the woman waiting.
People holding yellow flags walk by during a ceremony. 
The two girls gave a steel bowl to the boy
Five girls enter the stage and start walking
A girl walks towards the camera
The black dog wags its tail and meets another red-colored dog.
Angry crayon creature waves at the camera

Person in blue jacket skis past camera

Man pulls something out of his shoe.
Child bikes by himself
A man is smiling at the camera.
A dog is rolling in the grass.
A orange color bird entered the frame and flying
The girl put fork with food in her mouth
A girl throwing a spring from left side
A hand picks up and then drops a worm.

Lead car with two flags turns and drives off left side of frame.
Child give up on crank and walks away.  
The little boy touches the long stick held by the adult
The skier licks his lips while talking
After chasing the little dog, the big dog returns to his food bowl to continue eating.
You can see the shadow of the person video taping the small child
A little boy and a man watch a plane take off.
Woman looking outside turns and says something to camera.
A woman in white joins two other women.
Two men stand alone on a stage.
A girl skates into a counter.
A man looks into the camera.
the dog does not want to let go of the toy
the man waves and the camera pans away
a skier skis away from a group of people
The guy does a dance in an empty room.
a woman with blue umbrella sheltering from the rain is.
The man pours the liquid into the bowl.
A little girl takes something out of a glass filled with dark liquid.
A man steps on a mat then lifts it up.
A dog runs down a hallway and brings something back in its mouth.
the child first touches the ground.
two fighter/dancers leave the stage
the camera pans so that the musician goes out of frame
a woman in a pick shirt smiles
two riders wave at the camera
little cascade in a riverside
little boy playing with leaves in the water of a river
Boy stacks 6th item on tower.
The little boy gives his mother a hug while they are in the pool.
The adult touches the child on the back.
Man in green with shoulder strap crosses his arms.
Kid climbs up one step.
Woman lifts child up onto the bench.
A man looks out on a vast landscape
Drummer passes camera.
Man takes off sport coat.
baby sits down.
Everyone stands up.
A man sticks out his tongue.
A rock climber reaches the bottom of the rock.
parent feeding a baby with a spoon
baby falling down and standing up
Woman in sunglasses looking down at the floor looks up.
Man detaches leash.
Boy throws ball.
Boy walks by two balls on his left.
baby reaches behind toilet after opening it.
Jet stands still.
Woman filming with phone in foreground nods head.
The cat rolls over trying to get another scratch on its belly.
little boy making a roll in the grass
A dog shakes its body.
The cat jump off of the sofa.
Girl dances
A young boy in red enters the bottom of a slide and a girl in white with pink sleeves begins to follow him.
A man removes shoe paper from a new boot he has just received as a gift.
Someone off camera hands yellow toy wand to child.
Dog sniffs and chews at patch of grass on rock.
The glass blower moves the molten glass to a smaller table
Someone gets off the stage.
The bus stops at the end of the driveway.
A white tank top is set down.
A guy picks up weights.
The big white plane begins to take off and quickly drops something into the water as it nose dives. 
The lady slips the ring onto her finger and then takes it off. 
A black dog looks at the camera.

A smiling baby picks up food from the table.
A woman in green t-shirt cooks in the kitchen.
A person in black jacket flies a paraglider in a mountain.
Kid in white shirt rolls down hill then kid in blue shirt stands up.
Mascot in blue throws water at red mascot.
Kid gets on scooter and rides away from white wall.
Cork pops off bottle.
Animal jumps into water.
The singer in the blue coat turns and walks to the right of the frame.
The little boy stands up after placing the top of his head on the ground.
A small child comes out and dances on the stage where the man was dancing
Single Cat Jumps into curtain above window
Car radio and instrument panel moving to windshield 
Man walks past stone cross. 
Climber stands up on two feet and lets go with hands.
Cat runs into couch.
Man in shorts and tank top moves left across the frame.
Dog runs out of yellow tunnel.
Camera pans to man with paddle in water.
Man says words through car window while he drives by.
Kid on bike falls over.
a man in a whit shirt break dances
a baby raises and drops both arms
a dog lightly touches a ball with its nose and looks away. 
The man in the fishing hat is looking at the water.
a child is very close to the camera, watching her intently.
Airplane makes low pass as camera pans to the left.
A boy in a burgundy shirt climbs the steps.
Dog leaves the red tube.
Baby puts food in mouth with right hand.
A man laughs while lifting his mug.
Teens race down a road.
A doctor hugs his father.
Kid throws stick.
Dog first walks onto blanket.
a train and car drive by
a boy in a pin helmut picks something up and steps over the creek
a squirrel picks up a peanut
Woman holding bar turns around to face the opposite way.
Men enter stage and shake hands.
Man points camera at himself than towards the ground.
A woman in gray approaches a child from the right to help him climb
A girl in blue and a baby begin to pass the camera, pushing red chairs
a child on a scooter skates towards the camera
a man on a balcony tries to open a bottle of wine
a seal jumps into a pool
The boy and girl are squatting down.
The baby reaches to the person holding the camera
The brown horse walks towards the person holding the camera.
The car drives out of the pit.
A man hands something across the table.
A little girl is under water.
The man puts the phone down so the little girl can see the screen.
man in a dog costume throwing a bowling ball
the child shakes two shakers
the camera turns toward two people
people chanting and cheering at a singer in karaoke booth
Man finishes writing and puts cap on marker.
Man with camera and jeans spins around to face kid in red.
Man pours orange cup on top of platter.
Object flutters in top right corner to get baby's attention.
A man dives off of a platform.
Peewee turns to a man and looks at a laptop.
A woman in a white shirt crosses the line of sight from the left to the right
The camera turns to the left to show a man in a red life vest
A kid on a bike falls over
bride saying yes, giggling and danicng
The baby bird opens its mouth.
The vehicle is on it's side in the trench.
little girl playing with her hair
military routine with batons
one man standing in front of a green jacket orange table, offering some product.
Dog runs towards fence staying out of the shadows.
Cat picks up toy in corner and walks towards the open doorway.
Cat lays down.
Boy in red sweatshirt stands up.
Balding man in audience takes a picture of the people on stage.
Woman graduating adjusts tassel and poses for picture.
A man dances.
A man with a blue umbrella runs across a lawn then runs back with a black box.
A boy in a gray and yellow coats walks away from the stage.
A man with a white shirt takes the stage.
Cat on window looks up at camera and then back out the window.
Bagel is added to hot oil.
Person straightens hat on baby's head.
Man runs after dog in distance.
A dog gets snow on his face.
Man in grey shirt, black shorts, and black shoes walks left across the video.
Boy pics up blue shoe with his right hand.
Man and woman raise up their hands holding pieces of paper.
Camera follows branch as it falls to the ground.
Camera zooms in on baby on floor.
Finger first pokes at thing.
What a steal!
Jeep is turned back over onto its wheels.
A dog is smelling the floor.
A person is pulling on a parachute.
Hand adjusts baby's hat and tickles chin.  
Dog catches frisbee as person runs behind.  
Boy in green shirt runs out of scene with cup of water in left hand. 
A man in a black jacket crosses from the left to the right
A man in black hands the microphone to someone then walks offstage
The camera pans to the right to show a man in a black shirt playing the violin
The carts start to take off.
Looking out a window on a snowy park
A baby pushes its father on a toy riding car
A man runs around a circle of men then into the center of the ring.
A dancing little boy takes a bow.
The children are all settled on the bleachers.
baby boy crying from getting a medicine shot
dog with blue shirt obediently laying down on master's command
Hand enters scene and gives bottle to baby.  
A man with a white beard walks towards a cottage then turns.
A woman begins dancing and takes off her sweater.
A little girl pulls a tray out of a container than sits down on the ground with it.
The children stand up and walk to the man.
Jumper hits water.
Girl in blue pants and blue shirt crosses the street.
Red van passes man standing on opposite side of road.
Man in red bow tie first touches laptop.
Baby lets the balloon float up higher.
Video turns sideways.
Baby crawls onto carpet.
man commanding music on customized electric guitare
man pretending to do telekinesis
A baby puts a large pretzel in his mouth.
A man wearing a tuxedo walks past the camera.
The camera zooms in on a white roof in the distance.
Man crawls after baby.
Baby walks away from woman and finds a bag.
Flag scene cuts away to organizers and venue.
a man picks up a bee from a swarm
A man in a brown suit carries in and sets down a black music stand.
A man tries to retrieve a toy from the mouth of a dog.
A helicopter flies through the sky.
A boy begins to ski down a snowy mountain.
The child pulls the balloon down by its string
The man goes up the stairs to the bathroom.
The baby crawls away from the highchair.
A rat runs to the back of a couch.
There is a plate of food.
A little girl waves her arms then covers her face with her hands.
A little girl turns around.
A doughnut is put into the fryer.
A man in a black and white hoodie high fives a child.
An elephant gives a man a drink.
A cat carries a toy in its mouth.
Little girl puts her hand in blue dye

Someone uncovers a hole
Boxer runs to get toy
Boy throws object into air.
Woman hold microphone up to person in red.
Woman takes photo with camera and flash.
Woman in white shirt stands and dances alone.
The child shuts the toilet lid
The plane starts moving forward
The camera pans to the right to a laughing woman
A woman stops playing the guitar and takes the microphone.
A man with a red flag walks to the boy and waves his flag.
A man hands something white to a woman who takes it.
Slinky fails on 3rd step
Boy throws plate in air over head. 
Woman with microphone begins speaking to child in red sweatshirt.
Woman with camera takes picture. 
Man shuts car door.
Things are dropped onto person's face.
Man points camera at his face and then at ski slopes.
Someone puts a bottle into a baby's mouth.
A boy claps his paddle.
A baby gets off of his Dad's lap.
A man points to a tank.
Woman uses laptop touchpad.
Boy in yellow shirt and orange pants stands up.
Person pulls baby's fist away from their face.
Baby sits down.
The kids turn in unison and face the camera briefly
A hand reaches in from the left and pushes the baby slightly
A man in a gray shirt kicks a ball to a child, who then kicks the ball to a person in white
Boy walks up to person who is bent over.
Person sets peapod down on wood flooring.
Camera runs towards teepee opening.
Cat stops eating and turns away from food.
Red motorcycle stops for brief moment on crosswalk.
Person in green is handed a microphone.
A hand gives the dog a ball for the first time
Ball spinnging around the track changes direction.
Helicopter enters frame.
Man stops pushing girl with mower.
A man is talking to the camera.
Bug transfer to the little girl's hand.
baby raises toy towards it's mouth.
The yellow train passes by over a bridge.
Child in blue shirt throws a rock into a ditch next to a child in striped shirt.
Squirrel picks up nut with both hands and runs off camera.
the first car in a motorcade makes a righthand turn
a child lets go of a crank and walks away from a pole
A little girl tells it like it is.
a woman pours water on the edges of a campfire.
baby puts toy in mouth.
Camera zooms in towards white patch.
little boy standing eating a slice of pizza
A baby jumps.
The camera moves up from two people to the top of this ship.
A boy bounces a ball into the pool.
A boy points into a planter at a plant.
Hand grabs cord off chair.
Person does "rock" sign with both hands.
Kid grabs object from person's hands and feeds animals.
A dog runs through a black tunnel and over a red and yellow plank.
A man blows out candles on a cake.
A baby is eating reaches for her cup.
Dog walks and then stops in front of filmer.
Cook sets down spatulas.
Boy in white shirt with green tie places white fabric over his head.
Man sticks out tip of tongue and begins talking.
Toddler pets cat and falls down 
Chef plates green sauce
A man with a plaid shirt bend over to look in a large container.
A man bring a music stand into the picture.
A little girl in a blue sweatshirt runs to the stage.
A woman hands the baby to a woman with a little girl in her lap.
Baby in high chair drops toy on to ground.
Woman in red shirt smiles at camera and looks out window at the snow.
Polar bear picks up bucket and throws it back into the water.
Camera looks into dark room.
Camera pans empty horizon.
Collection of red and brown tanker cars, no engine.
A parachute goes down and over the mountains.
Baby grabs food with it's right hand.
Sign displays "introducing".
Kid pours one bowl into the other.
Woman raises her right hand and baby immediately raises both hands. 
A man eats the food with fork.
Singer lowers mic and walks away.
Man waving red flag walks into frame.
Woman grabs white food.
A man with glasses smiles and a woman holds up a magazine.
A little girl takes a red container and pours something for the birds.
a happy woman shakes up and down with excitement

a girl waves to the camera and rubs her belly

a boy spins the bike pedals and then stops to touch the bike seat

man goes up escalator


boy picks up pot

woman and baby both raise hands

A man starts to play the violin.
People run down an icy road.
Paraglider takes off from ground.
Man puts on hat.
Man turns camera to point at himself.
A plane flies by.
Two hands turn a plate that's on the corner of the table.
A woman picks up a little boy.
Marchers turn around to face one remaining marcher
A dog runs in, then out of a big red tube
Animal bites at hanging food.
Dragon costume stands up.
Litle flower girl plays with her hair
Man in red gives thumbs up sign.
Train passes under bridge.
A boy dribbles the ball up the court.
A man cleans a toddler's face.
A woman holds up a check.
The camera shows the house then pans up to show the tree cutter.
Bird lads on the marsh.
Dog wags his tail.
two persons danicng during a concert
little girl playing with her parent in a store
cat jumping away from a playful master
Man in glasses shakes his head "no".
Swimmers enter frame.
Dog runs out of yellow tunnel.
small red plane landing in a field
A person pulls the baby out of the car.
Green, Orange, and Yellow Sheet Ghosts walk and wave followed by Pink Stick man.
Red car disappears behind hill on left side of frame.
Woman stuffs new closes back in bag as man holds baby.
Second elephant falls into the pool.
Woman throws ball and then small boy throws ball down lane.
Filmer opens window curtains.
Person riding on toy stands up.
Person scratches the dog's chin.
A plane is in the air.
Little girl brings over a stack of things
Cat rolls onto its back
The seat the men are sitting on begin to move.
The boy pushes off of the top and begins to slide down.
A woman sets something down then put her hand on her hip.
Animal sniffs person's fingers.
The dragon stands up.
Man puts green object on his left palm.
Man filming himself turn camera from his face towards the ski slopes.
Black dog runs past white dog and white dog turn around to chase it.
Shadow of person filming enters frame.
black hen eating in yard
two office man entering a car
A dog stands up and begins jumping over a jump.
A little boy is riding his bike then he lifts his arm and points.
A man reaches across a seat to tap a man on the shoulder.
Someone walks by the pool.
A dog runs across a teeter totter.
A car backs up a little.
The camera moves across the sun.
A man puts down his tongs and sprinkles something on the thing on the stove.
A man covers his head with something white.
A man walks past a laptop computer.
A man lights something that's on his hand.
An elephant splashes into a pool.
A woman throws a ball down the lane.
A child sets something on the ground.
a person does a somersault
camera pans over the audience
a person loads their plate
two women wave
A man and girl have give each other a high five.
A plane flies off of a building.
A woman puts a ring on her finger.
A man picks up the pizza dough.
Man has bee climb from box to thumb.
The bridge shakes her hands.
A dog runs through a yellow tunnel.
The baby grabs a toy.
Baby has shaker in his right hand and then picks up another shaker in his left hand.
Man taking selfie with woman turns the camera away from their faces and towards a crowd.
baby that is lifting edge of paper puts it back and walks away.
White bird flies through frame.
A  long worm is picked up by a persons hand and then is dropped.
Camera pans from people to water fountain.
Camera zooms out to show large check.
A woman pirouettes as she comes near the camera.
An orange cat walks out of a box.
A man skis by the camera.
Girl in blue sticks out her tongue.
White dog wagging tail looks up while two black dogs run into frame.
Singing man spins around twice.
The cat is partially laying down on the ground.
The man is holding the pillow and looking at it.
Hand grabs beer off table.
Woman raises left hand to her sunglasses.
Men hug each other.
Kids playing on see saw
Woman asks question at presentation and falls
Two people enter frame from the left.
Cat runs out of the room.
Man standing picks up a ski.
Little boy gives his mom a hug.
LIttle boy walks away
Car drives under highway signs.
Girl puts sword in net and walks towards the camera.
Dancer's with white objects in their hands put them behind their back.
The camera pans to the left to show a man in a red shirt
The car passes beneath a bridge
White van passes.
Group of three people sit down.
Hand picks up worm.
Person in costume throws ball down lane.
A dog enters a tunnel while playing.
The cameraman zooms in on the silver vehicle as it sits there. 
A single blonde woman takes off her glasses within a crowd.
Someone walks by a group of students doing connected push ups together with an American flag.
Two people walk to the middle of the building.
A cat jump straight up.
A man reaches over and picks up a water ski.
A child puts something on a a man's head.
Dancing women remove hands from hips.
Cat walks under chair.
Man points and camera pans to background.
Second man appears to help with the animal.
Person pets dog.
Object is thrown for dog.
Boy pulls himself onto the ledge.
Person in red pants grabs boy's hand.
People carrying flags come into frame from the right
The camera pans to the left to show a fountan
The camera zooms out to show someone with a giant check next to the man
lazy cat playing with blue toy
Someone takes the sucker away from the baby.
A woman runs to the door with the spider in the glass.
Woman spins more than 5 times in a row.
There is a different cat in each of the two boxes.
Man and child stand up at the end of the slide at the same time.
A ski pole is stuck in the ground with a glove on top.
a woman in a brown coat pumps her fist in a crowd of people, seemingly excited.
a man digs along the side of a wooden garden edge.
a person with a US flag walks by.
Person in red opens door.
Boy plays bowling with snowballs.
Woman moves orange motorcycle.
Camera pans from one hiker to two.
Baby unhappily flails arms until given candy
Dance troupe begins routine by turning to face camera.
Woman uses cup to pick something from floor and runs.
Baby falls down completely and lays with little blue bunny.
The silver car drives away and a blue car begins to drive closer.
The blue car drives toward the camera and stops on a blue and white circle.
The blue car sits in the blue and white circle while the camera stays mostly still.
The blue car sits in the blue and white circle while the camera pans to the right and back again
The woman squats down and pets the dog.
The woman stands and begins to walk away from the dog.
The dog begins to follow the woman as she leads it through the training course.
The person selects an item from the list and then an item from the next list.
The man in the striped polo shirt smiles and talks to the camera, then steps backwards.
The man in the Superman shirt walks around the car to where the man in the polo shirt is standing.
The man in the polo shirt kicks the tire of the car.
The camera pans to the left to follow the marchers
The camera is placed underwater
A white cat approaches and sniffs the camera
Man stands up from being on the ground with hands and feet.
Baby lets go of fence with left hand.
Boy bows.
A bird is feeding on a post.
A woman is pointing at the camera.
the elephant grabs a bottle
the cat brings to the toy back
the dog jumps into the pool
A woman takes a drink then uses her hand to wipe her mouth.
A man turns a baby that's sitting in his lap.
A dog is rolling in the snow then stands up.
A woman turns to the camera and makes a funny face.
A little girl with a blue shirt walks past the camera.
the cat begins to chase the stick

The woman starts laughing into her hand.
The camera man/woman looks away from the golden dog to have a look at the water
The man throws a frisbee and the dog excitedly fetches it and returns. 
The camera rises from the murky waters and witnesses a beautiful blue sky. 
The baby enters the car and grabs a cell phone to tell a certain someone some exciting news. 
The man puts the pink raincoat over his head and quickly finishes putting it on and bows like a pretty princess. 

Train arrives.
Baby touches boy's face with both hands.
Car with a flag on both driver's side and passenger's side window passes.
Boy rolls onto his knees.
Blue costume character with red plus sign on hat passes by.
Woman pulls pants from bag.
The men standing still in line lift their leg once.
The kids run to the top of the hill.
An orange cat runs down a hallway.
Baby digs in basket.
Man turn camera from face towards plants.
Man in green shirt takes drink from man in white.
The camera pans to the left and a woman in a pink shirt joins the camerman
The wedding party throws their hands up
A man in a gray jumpsuit approaches the camera
The little boy is smiling at the camera.
The person walks to the cat.
man writing down with a marker
 on a poster
man with pink shirt trying to drink from a big bowl
Car number 33 pulls into the pit stop.
Man in santa hat picks up dish.
Camera follows girl as she goes underwater.
the cat exits the building
Mn kisses baby mouth to mouth.
Baby puts food in mouth and immediately looks down and then blinks.
A man throws his ball down the lane.
A squirrel just down off of the corner of a fence.
Two boys with green shirts walk onto a platform.
Two men in skirts begin bobbing up and down.
Boy is lifted into the air on another's shoulders.
One horse chases another horse.
The little girl plays with the dog.
The little girl in pink walks to the top of the slide.
The lady lifts her utensil to her mouth to eat her food.
A dog runs through a red tunnel and goes back in.
The woman picks up the sitting baby and makes him stand on the floatie.
A page is turned in the book.
A little girl jumps into someone's lap.
A little boy stands up and waves.
A cat walks through a sliding glass door outside.
Girl in pink tutu is at the red corner
Girl in pink touches her hair
Plane goes out of sight.
a cat is liking herself
a baby is putting a white toy on dad's head
Baby reaches to paper.
the person taking the video runs up to the entrance of the tent
Little girl stands up of the ground 
A baby puts a cookie in her mouth.
A small black dogs looks directly into a camera.
A person in black pants briefly holds the small child's hand.
a beautiful view of a fountain 
Boy walks away from fence
Subway door opens up.
A boy wearing a black snowsuit uses a snowball to knock over a chunk of ice in the street.
A small girl in the distance disappears into a tent.
A little girl falls down from making herself dizzy.
A woman jumps off the stage and then jumps back on.
Boy takes a bow
Baby jumps into the arms of woman sitting on the ground
an orange bird come near the pool.
A dog starts his run with his master.
woman stand up to do same thing as her daughter.
a orange cat is jumping from couch to couch
A boy in a red sweatshirt speaks into a microphone.
A man in a pink rain poncho puts on black gloves.
a kid is going in circles on the floor
a little girl is smiling and dancing
a man is walking up the stairs
A man going up an escalator while the sign flashes
.

Trying to attract a crocodile.

the grey team won the basketball game
The band plays as the singer enters the stage.
The little boy escapes the prison of his guitar playing mom's legs.
The long sleeve red shirt is suddenly snatched away and replaced with a green towel
a Asian toddler is playing with the pedals of a bicycle  
a man is writing on a white paper
A man going into a store.

Cat eats other cats' food.
Woman shakes fists at crowd.
Women laugh at candle.
A woman points at the camera.
A camera man moves in closer to take a still photo.
A kid watering a plant with a toy on it.

Man gets out and then back in white van.
Woman in grey van thumbs up the camera.
Little girl is singing into microphone and then runs away as another older woman takes over.
A man notices he is being taped so the camera person moves to the clock tower. 
Little girl in white shirt kisses the baby and makes it cry.
Man dances and swings arms.
A person tells a baby to walk to them.
A person opens The Economist app on their cellphone.
some Asian people sit at a dinner table and smile to the camera 
a white bird is flying down to the ground
A man slides down a large rock.
A man licks a bone.
A small child in dark clothes falls down, gets up, and leaves the skating area.
A cat running through a baby gate and jumping on a counter.

A subway stopping and people embarking and disembarking.

A man is wearing a camouflage hat filled with buttons.
A man pushes on a bending cover with his foot.
The camera goes by a yellow and white van, then a dark grey van with people in it, then stops on a light yellow van with its door open and a person climbing out.
A girl in a hat leaves the stage as a girl in a red top and black skirt comes up to the mic.
An older man in a white shirt shields his eyes from the sun, then the camera pans up into a tree.
A woman in a green shirt hands a baby to a woman in a pink shirt holding a little girl.
Woman makes handmotions with baby.
The shadow the man filming the little girl appears.
Food from a spoon is put inside the babies mouth.
a guy in a white short is collecting some liquid in a bucket
camera zooms in to the baby crawling under the window
A dog chasing another dog.

a kid is coming out of a school bus
A woman in orange giving a speech.

Plane takeoff.

A finger points a specific plant.
A woman is shown driving in the rain.
A baby pushes an empty red car.
an excavator is working  
Kid in white rolls down the hill
a guy in red blanket has some green stuff thrown on his face
Baby reaches toward camera.
a lot of people in white shirts are walking down the street
a woman is peaking on a microphone
A man talking in the sand.

A dog jumps over a person
a red dirty car is driving in mud 
Cat suddenly awakens from sound sleep to realization he is being watched.
Kid puts white hat on his dad's head.
Little girl leans back and throws head back.
Computer guy points at camera.
A guy dropping something on another guy's head.

A man sitting on a chair, talking and pulling something out of his pocket.

The little boy picks up food with his right hand.
A pair of legs walks in front of the camera
The little boy reaches behind the toilet.
Girl goes and walks to corner.
Girl in blue comes around corner.
a grey cat is looking up to the chair and moving her tail
a little girl is playing with a bug
Blonde woman smiles at camera.
Person takes a photo.
Man sets up musical stand.
House is only thing filmed.
Skier starts between 2 people 
Airplane is on the runway and passes behind a white building
Baby grabs toy from person
A child falls off spinning tires.
Empty pool

filming the panorama

small child lying on floor and looking into camera

2 black people coming out of metro


A child steps out from a door holding a back pack. 
A person is smiling and looking at the mountainous view.
Some young girls play drums in a parade.
A baby takes a bite of food.
Child walks over orange object.
Person removes syringe from leg.
a group of man playing

three man on mountain

a balloon with a man face


Baby puts towel behind head not covering their face.
Dog exits yellow tunnel.
The girl is playing a drum.
Woman brushes hair with hand and smiles at the camera.
Groom hugs man.
Fox begins yawn.
Hand wakes up kitten.
two man on sand

The groom hugs the bride in the wedding occasion.
two woman talking

From the lake, we scan to a family in front of a house.
We see the little girl's face.
Someone opens a door for a little girl.
A little girl walks to the back of her play area and rests against the wall.
A GIRL GIGGLE

A MOUNTAIN

The camera turns it's attention the cat.
The leader singer pulls up his pants and adjusts his shirt.
The man sits down at his computer.
A group of girls are in a boat.
The baby is playing with the yellow star.
A man and a woman hug at a wedding.
only seen a white man with yellow glasses
A GROUP OF MAN

a group childeren in front of christmas tree

are two, a gray hat and a black jacket, this person is trying to plug the camera with your left hand.
is a cat in the distance, standing over the stove, and to his left is a yellow rate fall.
blue flannel man with a gray kitten in her hands looks.
is the hand of a woman, this has a ring, and this petting a kitten.
Baby climbs out of pool.
Kid with blue shirt gets off bicycle.
in the picture is a girl, but you can not see the face, only his head back
An adult hand appears from off-camera and steadies the drum set.
The cat walks away from the fish.
The cameraman focuses on the two people riding camels ahead of him.
Perosn is stiring the food in the brown bowl
Girl is turning pages on the book
a dog on a pond

a cat sitting on its back

Child walks onto red walkway.
Dog removes object from water.
The kids jump over the trampoline by themselves.
person holding red object walks behind man;s head.
Man talking to camera points camera at his face then at crowd.
A teal blue shirt was placed down.
A single man lead many others out on to the stage.
The boy stood up to get the green ball to sit on.
An Asian girl held up 2 fingers to the camera.
A man appears as a plane takes off.
the child looks away form the camera then back at it, then gives a little smirk
the camera pans down toward the field than back up toward the skydiver
Man in red shirt makes "peace sign" with both hands at once.
cats playing in a bedroom
you see a guy with glasses in a shop
you see a dog in a garden near the camera
is a child of colored shirt entering a tunnel toy
Candles are blown out.
Two men wrestling fall to the ground.
Woman shuts door.
little boy crying and help by his father
ferret playing trying to catch a green ball near shoes
Woman in white jacket and cowboy hat plays guitar in a crowded street
Man in red shirt experimenting with yellow liquid
Women in red leads her black dog through an obstacle course
He sees a crouching boy holding a bowling ball
You see a logo with the word and number seven 7
The man is looking and touching the little toys.
Man opens the box to reveal the food inside.
Man with glasses and wearing a white and black shirt stands up, speaks, and then sits down.
Man looks down then raises microphone to mouth.
Spinning stick pulls out from position and man smells stick.
Baby holding doll grabs stick object from baby in pink.
Camera pans to woman holding cat.
Groom hugs the minister.
Fox opens his mouth for a REALLY big yawn.
The kitten nibbles at one of the owner's fingers.
A man grabs the child before he can enter the water.
Two girls notice they are being filmed and pose for the camera.
The baby rolls over onto his back.
The cameraman steps up real close to the guy with the machine gun.
The camera pans over to the crowd.
A person helps the light colored mouse move off the chair and onto the cage.
The man gets into the water and begins surfing.
The dog jumps off the park bench.
The cat walks over to a garden hose.
Two lead racers pass camera.
A young child walks over to a yellow ball.
A nurse pulls a medical needle out of the baby.
The man lets go and the baby swings left and right.
The boy with the blue shirt circles around the other boy
A MAN PLAYING GUITAR

Baby brings it's right hand to touch it's face.
Woman lays down red shirt with skull and crossbones.
Single line of people on stage take bows and curtsey.
Girl removes hand from violin and shows "peace" sign.
The baby rolls over by himself on the floor.
a girl talking

Person opens sliding door.
Single man in red cranks machine.
Robot vacuum appears from behind furniture and dog runs away.
Cat walks away from brushing.
The dog goes outside.
The dog watches the toy go into the other room.
The cat walks over to then under the brush.
Hands open a book.
A man rows a boat through a canal.
Some one stands in the ocean and the waves roll over their feet.
The boy and the girl are dancing with the pinneaple.
Person in shorts and red tshirt walks by
You see a bunch of people
Child in green vest jumps into water from ledge.
A dog is looking at the lake.
Camera zooms out to reveal man with white hair shading his eyes from the sun with his hand.
Pizza box cover opens.
Man in green shirt sits down.
The child cries for a lady trying to change his diaper.
man with a blue apron skillfully cutting a fruit
Someone off camera sticks their finger into the cakes frosting and then offers it to the baby.
A cat bats at something inside a small tent.
a boy on bowling aisle

a man looking angry

Two children jump into the pool
You get to see a land without people in the image
Two men play air hockey.
A young girl climbs off of the couch.
A man takes photo with a camera.
is a man facing the camera, he makes a hand sign
A small girl smiles and bids bye.
The german shepard runs back to his owner.
The baby grabs his foot.
The little girl hands the women a toy.
The girl walked over to pick up a toy with blue on top off of the floor.
Camera pans from dog to water.
Archer nearest camera releases bow string.
Camera pans from guy with hoodie and glasses to woman with red necklace.
White dog walks from right side of other dog to left side.
Girl picks up object from red table.
Boy removes white present from all of it's wrapping.
The boy stands up and moves around, pulling the keyboard.

Cart goes from facing towards camera to facing away from camera.
Cat enters video from the right and baby reaches out with hands.
There is a blackboard where you can see red letters.
a child is sniffing a wooden stick.
Only a man with a hat and sunglasses seen on a yacht
It is the baby under a gray table, trying to climb it.
He is the man in plaid jacket, running the thumb of his left hand, through the mouth.
They are only the legs of a person, standing on a table for snow skiing.
It looks a yellow kitten staring at the camera.
a man speaking to the camera, while behind him pass a person walking a dog is.
a cat walks out of frame
a cat chases a toy through a doorway
people running around outside in snow
orange cat getting brushed
a man uses a camera
a man drinks from a glass.
3 men in white shirst and 1 man in a red shirt talk.
a guy in green pants breakdances and then a guy in white pants starts to breakdances.
a man picks his bowling ball up.
a woman in a blue shirt stomps on mud.
a group of drummers pass by during a parade.
someone takes a red shirt off of a table.
a baby leans over in his high chair.
a child girls wants an item
a cat meows
a dancer in striped shirt turns around.
the small child is eating.
boy in white shirt takes is given a drink.
man and woman start dancing.
a girl in a pink and white shirt crawls into a yellow plastic tunnel.
a man adjusts some things on the dashboard of an old car.
a young child and a woman jump into the pool.
someone plays with a dog's feet while he's sleeping.
a baby points out the window excitedly.
oops...a light starts flashing and smoke starts
there is a second person in this shot that quickly walks away
a baby puts a white sloth over it's face.
a man in jeans slides down a muddy hill.
a boy runs and throws a red bowling ball.
a man blows out candles on a cake.
little boy feeds cow
girl excitedly talking and waving
man sleeping in tent
kitten playing and chewing on string
a baby eats icing off ofsomeone's finger.
a finger points to something written on a dry erase board.
two men toast with champagne flutes.
someone walks around a corner and finds a dog.
a man singing and playing guitar.
two women coming through a door.
a cat looking up at a wagging finger.
men use tools.
ballerinas dance on stage.
a cat licks their arm
a man cheers his beer mug.
a baby walks over to get on a toy car.
a woman in a red sweatshirt hugs a little boy.
someone opens and reads a greeting card.
a dog rolling in the snow stands up and shakes itself off.
a lady in a cowboy hat claps and jumps excitedly.
you see a huge cup with a green lid and yellow straw and the lady is fixing to take a drink
in this scene the cat jumps off the bed to chase a laser beam
the cat is yawing
a baby cries after hurting itself.
a bird flying up to a bird feeder.
a little girl kneels down and reaches for a bookon a shelf.
a stranger takes item from the lady and tries to help her
a man walks to a dog.
a monkey is sitting on a stair set.
a cat looking comfortable with a purple cover around it on a bed.
a skydiver coming to the ground for a landing.
a cat chasing after a thrown toy.
a child falling while trying to push a toy.
a squirrel eats a nut
a skater falls down
a person gets a dish from a cabinet
a box is opened to unveil a pizza.
a girl with pink bouies on her arms enters the ocean.
a train goes under a tunnel.
bees fly around a nest
a man sits on the porch
a woman eats a bite of food.
a man points to his head.
a female graduate grabs her diploma and almost slips down the stairs.
a boy puts his head to the ground.
a cat looks up while balancing on a chair behind a boy.
the dancer appears out of the darkness.
the dog goes up and down a v-shaped ramp.
the boy in the red shirt picks up a duckling.
a woman drinks at a restaurant.
a girl pushes a green slinky down the stairs.
people carrying flags pass through a crowd.
a baby reaches for a cat.
a boy and a girl ride their tricycles in circles.
a dog is petted by a girl.
a person turns a page in a scrap book.
children hug a red bear.
a boy points as he rides a tricycle.
a room with a water heater.
a child picks up a toy
a girl blows out candles
a boy picks up a baby
2 girls wave from a mechanical bull.
a girl skips around her other performers during a performance.
man on dock looking at boat
a dog jumps at a track
a person does a cartwheel
a girl puts food in her mouth.
a man talks enthusiastically.
a man in a red shirt crosses a bridge.
a guy in an orange hat drinks from a glass.
a man in a blue shirt makes a peace sign.
a cat lifts it's head up and down.
kittens switching food bowls
the scrapbook is being opened
there is a lady in a black and white striped shirt that walks behind the man being videoed
a boy gives the thumbs up signal.
the curtains draw back and models appear from behind them.
a person falls off another's shoulders.
a man in white shirt and yellow tie stands up.
a person finishes their ascent to the top of a construction.
a dog is waiting for a ball to be thrown.
a dog looks to it's right, gets up, and begins to walk.
a woman points at a pillow, brings her hand to her mouth, and giggles
a dog does a hurdle then rubs up a ramp.
a boy in red holds a bird while another pets it.
a swan is looking underneath the surface of water.
a child swings a bat at ball.
a crane spins and begins moving away.
a woman rides a bike on a street
a little boy points at a yellow toy in the dirt.
a little boy runs across the sand toward the ocean.
a runner rushes to the finish line
parachuters lands on a grassy field.
a girl takes a rabbit from a chlid.
mascots fight with water.
a diver puts his goggles on
man looking at pictures at work gets caught
man in bathroom washing off camera in sink
this toddler throw items into the cart
this child walks behind a window or door after walking through the kitchen
a man talking in front of a big check.
a little girl plays with a dog.
a dog sits at the beach
a kitten jumps in the grass
a man holding a hat points to a structure and speaks.
a dog jumps into a pool.
a kid puts two thumbs up.
a man in red walks onto the track.
dog places piece of food on the ground
man in white adidas shirt do-si-dos with woman.
camera turns away from writing on the wall.
man with packages walks across in the background.
camera focuses close on the object the man is holding.
a red button on a white controller is pressed.
a small boy rapidly kicks his legs while sitting.
the man throws the ball.
the person pours the soup in the white bowl into the black bowl.
people pose for a picture while dancing
man in white shirt looks down to his right
baby turns head to look behind him
a woman takes a pacifier out of the babies mouth.
boy walks away from bike.
boy falls skateboarding on ramp.
a man plunges an object downwards.
person in green shirt walks backwards
grey rat eats from dish
cat jumps and touches toy
the two dancers spin.
the woman in the blue shirt asks the videographer to come closer.
the young man gives two thumbs up
the man in the red shirt pushes the kid in the yellow cart back into the go cart lane
child in grey and red takes hand out of mouth and speaks
kid in blue shirt bounces on trampoline.
dog wags his tail by the water.
on of the dancers kneels down behind the other one.
the woman in blue switches positions with the man.
the camera jerks to the left than back to the right.
a woman taps on the microphone twice.
the girl with green pants gets off the chair.
the camera moves from a baby in white to a girl in purple.
baby crawls backward
person takes snake off of shoulders
person walks close across the camera
a black and white kitten is biting a hand with a pinky ring.
baby holding onto a blue couch.
child wearing orange shorts holding a blue object.
man being pulled by a black dog at a dog show.
the camera moves from the band to the crowd dancing.
the man holds the camera close to the camera recording him.
person holds up camera
guinea pig spits food out
kid gets off couch and walks away
woman holding microphone walks off camera
child in green pants gets off platform
camera turns to child in purple shirt holding blocks
the camera zooms in on writing.
woman in purple talking to an older couple.
the man drinks his beverage.
a person wearing orange walks by the camera.
a man with a surfboard runs into the water.
the man puts the kid down in the snow.
a woman bobs her head back and forth.
the camera pans over to the cattle.
the cat carries the mouse in its mouth.
the bicyclists ride down the road.
the dog takes its first bite of the apple.
the dog barks before running the obstacle course.
man in black twirls red flag
a man in blue hangs up wooden elf toys.
a soldier marches across a stage on a blue runner.
5 planes fly in the sky above.
a little girl holds an item with pink gloves.
a girl picks up an item off the sand.
boy walking pass a boy wearing a red shirt.
the camera moves away from the woman and onto the water.
the camera moves from someones feet to the sand.
two women wave at the camera.
a person on a bike arrives.
the woman shuts the door.
the little girl uses the object to help her stand up.
a girl looks at the camera while eating.
man with glasses and black hood
woman hands baby to child
man jumps over two people
woman kisses girl on forehead.
person takes shirt off face to show a big smile.
car drives by street sign
jimi hendrix face is zoomed in on
a bunch of houses
man in yellow shirt walks up the steps
all the racers are racing across the bridge
the cat pushed the toy over by the shoes then ran away
a dog jumps through a red hoop.
a man jumps from the mountain.
bikes pass vehicles.
girl in pink water wings joins the others in the water.
ferret runs away from shoes.
cat sniffs the camera
dog runs from behind white structure
man in red gets onto the boat
the kid in blue dribbles the ball.
the puppets show up from behind the screen.
the camera pans to the right to show a white boat in the water.
the man cuts the food.
the bicyclists round the curve as they approach the camera.
the second ballerina hides behind the curtain.
the man eats the corn.
the woman is presenting.
the girl in the skirt is running the race.
the person starts cutting the vegetable.
two racers fly by quickly.
a woman jumps on the piles of inflatable toys.
a cat sniffs a fish on the table.
a baby in a high chair gets a slice of apple.
camera turns to shoes
girl jumps in the air
camera walks over to the door and views the snow outside.
several ladies in red shirts walk by the camera.
a baby is put in the little girls arms.
a man jumps over the other two performances as they are 'arched'.
man picks up item from table
hedgehog climbs into green blanket
child in grey shirt walking around
man crosses his arms
a person blows out the candles.
a woman holds a cat over her head.
dog grabs toy and runs
a dog looks out at the water before turning around.
three girls are handing on a bar.
a girl touches the nose of the statue.
child put bow around his neck
a person scrapes the food into a bowl.
a child is pulled on a blanket away from the camera and out of view.
a child is given a shot.
the woman walks off stage.
the girl in the green pants is on the platform.
the kid in the purple shirt holds the toy.
camera spans across curtains
person pets cat with left hand.
man buttons shirt up.
person flips over the red shirt.
a woman in a purple sweater speaks to an older couple sitting at a table.
the hedgehog hides himself in a green cloth.
woman points to her right
person with checkered hat walks close across the camera
a man raises his hand to wave
the rat abruptly runs away from the edge of the bed.
subway doors open man in black coat walks off
man in yellow hat picks up green clipboard
woman shakes pan back and forth
mans chin almost hits camera.
grey car drives off platform
man in shorts pulls up pants
camera turns up to the sky
camera turns to the desks
boy steps onto grass from the road
baby reaches with hand for camera
four children play violins.
the dog is in the tube.
the kid in the yellow hat looks up and talks to the camera.
man takes sip of his drink
paddle board is laid into the water
man walks up to tree and places child on the ground
the man talks to the camera.
a woman pulls a blue object out of a bag.
a dog walks under the table.
boy is jumping and smiling at the camera.
man starts to ski down the mountain
squirrel jumps off his post.
kitten stares at camera and backs away.
blue ball rolls down track and hits a man.
man fillets side of fish, puts it to the side, and flips fish over.
girl gets to the bottom of the slide with a big smile and stands up.
child stands up with guitar
man with hat smiles for the camera.
bride and groom kiss and hug.
hand counts to two
the man in the cowboy hat plays guitar.
the dog walks to another room after eating its food.
the owner shakes the dog's paw.
the child carriers the stick and places it on the chair.
second line of dancers come out on the stage.
little kid walks back towards the camera.
little girl picks up ball as the dog runs around.
girl in pink hat gets to the bottom of the slide
a goose lands on the ground
a man makes a scrunched up face
blue ball is pushed down ramp
person with pink shirt reaches onto the table
child stands up on slide
man walks with baby towards camera
a man approaches the door of the subway.
the man in the white shirt is pushed away.
planes flying in the sky
child throws stuffed animal
adult picks up child and puts down
the baby scoots backwards
the woman lifts something over her head.
someone walks in front of the camera.
the child on the couch walks away.
the girl in blue receives a kiss.
the person getting a tattoo smiles.
the camera moves past a boat and back to the water.
the camera pans left and shows a light post.
three men look at bowling balls.
man jumps off of statue
man moves up on his seat
camera pans over the cityscape.
little girl gives two thumbs up.
a person pushes someone in a blow up ball.
the fireworks explode in the night sky.
girl sits on woman's stomach.
close up of a bottle and a glass.
a girl runs from camera and ducks.
a woman calls the camera over.
little girl plays with green object.
camera pans from a blue umbrella to the mountains.
a train begins to move on the tracks.
a hand off-camera gives the child another piece of fruit.
the camera pans away from a person holding a blue umbrella.
the fox opens his mouth in a wide yawn.
the camera pans over to follow the movement of the train.
a singer bobs his head while singing.
the camera pans over to the sun which is creating a pink light.
the skier travels through a narrow gauntlet of trees.
the dog lunges toward the camera.
playing on the beach.
juggling clowns walk in the parade.
the motorcyclist rides down the course.
the girl with the flotation devices on her arm jumps into the water.
a baby elephant leaves the pool.
a man in a green shirt is holding a rope.
a young boy runs away with the soccer ball.
the person on the far right goes under water.
woman turns around and claps
ball hits the goal
baby grabs camera and is handed toy
the woman points at the organ.
the woman skiing puts the camera on her face.
a woman takes a sip of a canned drink.
the dog gets up.
a woman turns to the camera and turns back around.
a girl is handed an object.
the woman looks at the scenery.
the girl gives a thumbs-up.
the girl drops her ice cream cone.
someone takes a photo of models walking down a runway.
a woman wearing a name tag stands up and loses her seat.
we see the face of the child who is coloring.
two kids stand next to a door shaking.
the child stands with the musical instrument.
the camera zooms in on the bike riders.
a man puts his hands out in the air.
the car goes under a bridge.
a man in green walks up the stairs.
boy in blue hat runs up to camera
skiing past red sign
squirrel jumps off stump and dissapears
camera turns to orange kitten
the subway train doors open.
the cat walks away.
another dog wants to play.
the kitten gets picked up.
a man is sleeping in a tent.
camera turns to man in blue holding baby
dog walking on a leash
child in blue walks over to boy on the ground
the man in the red shirt throws the white ball.
the person in yellow dives into the tubes.
the baby points toward the camera.
the man sits down.
a person jumps down.
a man is shy of the camera.
the man in the white shirt with a shoulder bag look around.
the family claps.
a man gestures with his hands while talking to other people.
a dog scratches himself and then runs off camera.
a girl is dancing around.
the little girl goes under water.
the girl drops food in for the ducks to eat.
the boy rides his bike by the mattress.
the dog runs toward the camera.
the man comes over the rail.
the boy slides down the slide.
the dog runs away.
the father catches the child before it gets to the water.
the young child places the food in the cart.
person tries to crack the shell of the egg.
the baby eats the food from the spoon.
the band sings a song to the people sitting at the table.
the baby coughs.
the dark haired man without a beard drinks from his cup.
a man claps and walks off camera.
a rat jumps into a mans hand.
a cat pounces on an object.
the cat walks off the screen.
a second dog peaks his head on camera.
a man is seen sleeping in a tent.
two women dance and look back at each other.
two boys walk down the trail.
the skateboarder gets up after falling down.
the cart comes back to the camera.
a man in a blue shirt talks to the camera.
the plane lifts off the ground.
a woman with glasses looks at the camera.
the man points at the fire.
plane takes off the ground and flies into the air
blonde woman takes a bite of her food
a man is pointed at
man in red comes in from the left.
camera pans back to the ski slope.
camera moves from woman to the water below.
the camera moves away from the cat.
a person draws a purple circle.
a dancer stands up.
girl in pink lays down.
a woman kicks a ball with a little kid.
a man talking and shaking his head to the camera before it pans to a girl on a bike
a lady with brown hair shows a baby in red to the camera before making the baby wave
guy with striped shirt and pants writing something on a white board. .
a man massages a woman's shoulder then pushe another man away.
family members looking over a photo album, pointing out at different pictures in the album.
cat walks on the counter
cat licking its chest
boy turns and walks away from drums
the red door with gold handle
the man lands onto the ground.
a little girl walks away from couch.
the bird appears from behind the tree.
person throws fire on the ground
person falls down on tubes
child points finger at camera recording this gif
item inside giftwrap flashes
person shuts sliding door
camera goes under the water
a second person slides down the hill.
small shaggy white dog sitting next to someone with blue pants and a green shirt.
guy picking up a large lego structure from a table as it falls apart.
rack of shoes comes into view.
girl stands up.
a woman with dirty blonde hair rides her bike across the pedestrian crosswalk.
the little girl helps the dog get up onto the bench.
the little boy refuses the banana and grabs his toes on his foot in reaction.
a lady in a black top moves from out behind the lined up marching band members off to the side to rejoin the rest of the crowd.
baby in water diaper crawling out of baby pool.
a man carries a small child in the snow.
a little girl runs away from the camera.
a man stops a toddler from going into the water.
dog runs out from behind barn
person holds up four fingers
woman shuts the door
two men hug each other
the boy walks out the door.
camera zooms in on young girl
woman fixes her hair
boy falls on his side
little boy gets tapped on the head.
camera pans over to the woman at the end of the table, then back to the first two guys.
the toddler crawls over to the chair.
the para-sail first appears over the mountain top.
orange cat being groomed by his owner out side on a small sidewalk with grass on either side.
the man with the dark cap on rubs his hands together, cracks his knuckles, then grabs the microphone stand.
the child is standing up and spins in 2-3 circles.
the child in the green pants turns away from the door, walks toward the person holding the camera, and appears to high-five the person.
boy crawls off mat.
girl in red pants ski's off camera.
the person scrapes food off of a square plate into the bowl.
a person with gray curly hair smiles into the camera.
a man with a white coat and a dark cap reaches into the cooler and puts something into a bag.
the man in red arrives at the bridge and walks across.
the person steps on the pink balloon.
the camera moves from the woman in blue to the mountains.
cat walks off of the newspaper
cat rubs up against porch
child puts food in mouth
girl in pink appears in front of camera
girl places red chip into game grid.
man lands on ground.
the women stares at her food while chewing, about to pick up another bite.
the girl picks the statues' nose
girl on ride adjusts her hair
camera is turned on its side
the girl goes down the slide.
the viewer first sees the cat, then the camera swings away rapidly and then the viewer sees the floor of another room.
the person in the image is not drawing anything yet.
the dancer is first in the dark, then suddenly the light is on her.
children walk up to horse
skier skis between skinny tree trunks
dog stands up on blanket
man takes a bow.
child bites banana
a cat sits on a table and meows.
a small tan and white dog lays in the grass with a toy.
boat crosses the screen.
focus changes to white house.
men are choosing their bowling balls.
the turtle does not take a bite.
the photographer behind the singer walks completely behind the blue and white sign, and cannot be seen at the end of the gif.
the person in the orange and white barrel starts to roll downhill, and then a very fast sledder appears in the image and slides halfway down the hill.
man with rifle turns around.
the camera zooms out on the performer.
the camera pans over to a car.
two people are shown listening to a man drawing on a white board.
a woman in a white shirt waves her hands in front of her
a little boy picks up a bowling ball
the camera moves to a man smiling.
the person pushes a red button.
a dog is pet but then runs away.
a girl pushing a slinky down a staircase.
a girl sticking her finger in the nose of a statue.
csx is labeled on side of train
person in red shirt puts object down
a girl in orange tries to kick the soccer ball into the goal but the other teams goalie stopped that from happening before she throws the ball back to her teamates
camera person's legs get in the shot.
camera points at the sun.
little girl gets injection.
a woman shows off a baby in a blue sweatshirt.
a man wearing a baseball hat sings.
a truck pulling a giant hamster ball passes in front of the camera.
fireworks are launched.
the girl takes a green item out of the water.
the baby shakes her head in front of the camera.
the boy puts his mouth to the stick.
the little girl is handed a baby.
girl does a little dance
the sleed come's to a stop
riseing out of water a bit
a young girl takes the ball from the dog and hands it to a man.
child is pulled across the floor
persons feet in the water
woman holds childs head
video game on the television
pan is lifted from sink
looks out at snow
man talking on phone
shhh baby
jumping over two guys
lady standing by cliff's
persons feet disappear
women wave's
women tipped over
little boy comes back towards the camera.
view is from inside towards the grill.
a fourth child with a pink or red shirt and shoulder-length dark hair walks in front of the camera.
the child smiles and lifts her hand to wave, and the video ends while the child is still waving.
the cat walks up to the front wheel of the bike.
guy in blue laughing
mom and baby making a personal video. mother takes baby's hand and makes a waiving gesture to the camera.
lady shake's finer no no
man makes shushing gesture.
camera goes underwater.
man holds laptop up to the man at the microphone.
boy in yellow climbs up the slide.
kitten has the ribbon.
baby has bottle put in its mouth.
2 toddlers wiggle their butts while standing face against a white door
a man in a red jacket looks out over a large body of water.
a giant orange and white tent cover with holes in the top is waving violently in the wind.
a woman wearing big black sunglasses smiles and talks to the camera as she rides on a boat.
a woman in a white shirt smiles and waves to the camera.
a little kid pushes a bowling ball.
the man picks up the toy model.
man get hit by bowling ball
man starts to clean a fish
girl climb's to top of slide
empty pool
the man holds up the gun to shoot.
the dog brings the ball back.
the plane takes off the ground.
someone zooming into a building named 'the castle'
dog brings ball back
plane lift's of ground
the person looks at the camera then starts to cross the bridge, but the video stops when the person is halfway across.
the camera stays on the woman the entire time.
the man with the hat puts his phone down.
the camera moves from a woman to the misty sky.
the camera goes under water.
the man kicks the ball to the child.
a dog jumps up and looks around.
three men stand on a rocky hillside.
a toddler climbs out of a kiddie pool.
woman turns around and adjusts hair.
man turns wheel barrow around.
child gets off slide.
gondola man looks back
baby walks away from computer
the barge operator dumps something onto the barge. there are no other boats visible.
the toddler turns to her right, away from the computer, and stands by the corner of the coffee table with her back to the camera
train stops
the man and woman turn around.
child in green throws ball
child in black lays down
baby laugh'sand get's wide eyed
man nods head
goes under water
the cat wonders off from the fish.
the bird runs and disappears behind the tree.
woman is shaking some papers
the cameraman walks into the 7 eleven.
the man is talking to the camera.
man takes selfie with friend.
man in white turns his head to the right.
boy crawls off screen.
a young kid slides down a yellow slide.
the girl in pink falls to the ground.
a green tent
person in hat talks into camera
woman waves with two hands
child rolls bowling ball
boy with stuffed animal comes into view.
the little girl gets off the couch and starts to dance.
the man stops pulling the children on the sled.
the person falls while trying to get up on the water skis.
dog jumps onto bench
two men with a blue and white parachute land safely on the ground
a guy in a red collard shirt pours a yellow drink into a cup
a toddler in a diaper sitting in a chair plays with a man.
boy picks ball up.
child sits on woman's lap.
a plane comes into view for a landing
a black and white dog runs up a ramp and over a bridge
a black chicken and a white one chase each other back to the coop
a woman in black picks a ball and roll it down the lane
a long haired little girl with glasses and a red sweater excitedly jumps up and down before giving a double thumbs up
the camera pans away from a young lady.
a sun bather is lying on the beach.
the dog runs toward the camera
the boy with a puppet nodded his head and walked off stage
the woman panned the camera around to the man
child gets off of slide
child holds onto table
girl in pink spins in circles
First cat grabs stick and runs off.
Camera goes underwater.
Camera pans to show person on couch.
Baby takes first sip of juice.
Camera pans and zooms onto bird.
A party
Girl in pink eating from a bottle
Black duck enters and exits frame
A person in a yellow shirt rides a bike
A dog goes up and down a yellow and red ramp

An amusement park ride begins to twirl
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
The baby on the right unsteadily walks around a toy and into an adult male's arms.

A horse crosses the view.

You can see a Christmass tree
You can see an adult standing beside a child
Person with red pants pointing to the sky
Tree enters and exits shot.
Man lowers card in front of camera.
Girl holding red ring goes around girl holding green ring.
Van in blue is in view and drives off.
Camera is focused on computer screen.
An animal appears going one direction and then it makes a turn.

The camera faces away from the construction and shows a group of people.

The man shows some text on a surface.
Man in white sweater plays foosball
Man in blue shirt plays foosball with a glass of wine
bridal party walks onto the stage
Woman in pink readjusted bride's dress 
baby walks on patio and turns around
A girl with a blue-green bag passes by.

The girl opens the box.

The green bar disappears.

A person is aiming a camera to the left
A bird avoids people and cars on a street
A man using a camera
Two boys fighting each other
A pc screen editing a video
A woman looks out the window
A man in yellow raises his fist into the air

A woman in black and a man in orange lead a group of people into a room
The cat jumps to catch the toy.

A kid falls on the floor next to the court.

A black duck passes by.

A girl in white enters the scene.
A person in a white and tan shirt takes something from a person in a grey shirt
A child puts his hand on the side of the pool
There is writing in the sky
tourist taking a video of a mountain range

Boy in green shirt falls down and gets back up.
we see a tree and then a finger pointing to up and then to the left
a woman in a white hat carrying a red bag approaches then stares into the camera as she passes by
Top is released and starts to spin.
The camera zooms in on a bird sitting on a sign.

A seagull steals a fish from a pelican and swims away
A red car and a green car go around a curve
A cat stands up and walks
A girl on a green bike is in view.
Kneeling person stand up.
Camera pans to show food.
The boy adjusts the wheel of his small toy car.
Kid takes a drink but doesn't tilt his back fully.
All six girls are seen raising their pom-poms.

The girl throws the puck.

A guy is seen near the boats.

A girl is shown playing with a bottle.

A person wearing a black helmet enters the track.

An adult is seen.

The dog gets in the black tube.

The ride starts to rotate.

Cat gets up and moves out of frame.
The plates on the table are shown.

A green hose on the floor is visible.
A boy grabs something from a pile of toys on his bed

Man throws first log.
Camera pans to see mountain.
Woman with white hat walks by camera.
The camera shows the top of the tree.

A blonde woman wearing black and white passes in front of the camera.

The man stands up and falls again.

A orange shirted runner is being filmed running as the camera moves from left to right. 
Cat steals something from person's hand
All six girls are seen raising their ponpons.

Girl sets down chair.
The diver keeps his goggles on the duration of the filming.
A red cart is visible moving from the foreground to near in both clips.
A man white begins walking to the right and makes a quick change to the left.
Dog licks lips and is pet.
a bif tree with green leaves and few branches
a woman wearing a white t-shirt
a man sitting on the snow watching the camera
Two kids begins running in a half circle finally meeting a man.
The girl is lifted into the air.
The kid places the first chair on top of the second.

Mice are individually running in the green circular device.
Mouse jumps onto cereal box
Dog walks away from the camera
Frog hps inside the hole
Adult in jeans and cream jacket helps kid
Baby pulls the dog's tail
Girl eats something out of her hand.
A man takes a picture with a camera.
Boy pounces forward.
people talking and a child in background running
A woman louding and 2 woman hugging up
a guy saying no and another goup of people arriving
people getting out of the structure
A bear cub runs up a tree away from another bear cub.
A cute tiger charges the cameraman.
taking a picture
a guy swimming over
the dog left its food
The cat gets up and starts to walk.
Big dog is looking at the left of the camera
The camera begins to move from left to right and stays right.
The child's attention goes from center to right.
A bear climbs a tree.

A girl riding a green bike is seen.

Girl opens present
Little girl moves away from baby.
Camera zooms in on woman
People clap at a video screen
3 fishes dancing in a thread
all the fishes get out of the water
the child jump of emotion
the child explain something
Dog licks its face
You can see a man sitting in the rocks at the left of the bridge
A bird steals food from a larger bird.
A child gives a gift to Santa.
The man begins marching to the drums.
The camera goes from the drummer to show the horn section
A log hits the ground and the man picks up another one.
A dog sits on a chair then jumps off.
A policeman on a horse goes by.
A toddle is kneeling next to a window, stands up and picks up his bottle and puts it to his mouth.
A man sits with his back to the camera and two people walk into the building.
A tree stands by a mailbox and the camera pans to a woman smoking a cigarett.
The trainer gives the dog a command to sit.
Down he goes.  The boy in the green shirt falls.
A child in a pink shirt falls and is uprighted by a man.
Boy falls over chasing little girl
picker picks up vegetable to sleeve
The little girls run behind the woman in the white shirt.
She blows out the candles.
Someone in a black shirt snatches something off of the table.
The cameraman swings open the door.
waving crop seen in blue filter
Camera pans towards mountain peak
Retreat!The squirrel runs and hides.
The camera turns sideways as the light grown bear climbs the tree.
The underwater light changes from white to blue.
Baby dressed as a tiger sitting on a floor game, placing his hand by his mouth 
message in the sky
Horses gallop past.
GOTCHA!
adult help her unzip the jacket

little girl notices something on her shirt

little girl twirling

little girl walks, adult holds her hand.

a screaming ticket
Audience member marches in place
item taken off the table
Baby walks to little girl and tries to take her cellphone.
two boys in a martial arts competition square off and bow to each other to start the match.
Two workmen uncoil cable from a spool on the side of a street.
a cat pounces on a small furry animal
little girl looks for candy.
the baby touches her sleeve.
Man is seen pointing at board.
Man in suit points to sign
A girl with long dark hair and black top is riding a green bike.
A woman stands in a doorway that has a pirate rug.
A robot spins in a circle.
A man in a blue shirt serves himself at a buffet style table
A man in a yellow shirt is racing through town on horseback.
A boy in a light blue shirt does the moon walk in his socks.
Little girl hugs baby.
curler pushes weight
A fishing line with three fish is pulled from the water.
A red go kart crosses the finish line.
A baby swims to the edge of the pool, helped by his father.
writing in the sky
Man presses button and it turns from red to blue.
Boy runs off the swing.
Police on horse passes by.
Boy speeds to a halt on toy car.
A bird runs and jumps on top of cans.
A woman blows out candles on a cake.
A kid drinks from his bottle and looks out of a window.

You see a woman in a doorway then you see her doormat that has the jolly roger on it.
The robot goes past a group of people.
A man scoops something out of a crock pot.
Santa hands something to the boy.
A player kneeling on the ice slides a heavy item across the ice.
A woman waves to the camera and points to the water
toddler rides in on toy car
An orange sea plant turns blue.
A baby in a bouncer is shown a toy.
A group of performers enter a room.
Two fish are caught on the hook and begin to be reeled on a line.
A red vehicle becomes closer and visible from the back to the front.
two boys bow and begin to fight martial arts
A woman in glasses is smoking a cigarette
A construction worker in a white hat turns on a fan
old man looks at camera
A man put his goggle back into place over his eyes.
seagull steals food from pelican
Dog runs through tubing.
A bird on a sign flies away
A little grey dog looks around and wags its tail
A large manta ray swimming in the ocean
The vehicle has two red lights
White van stopped at traffic light
Robot spins around in circles
Lady in yellow shirt waves
Kid jumps around bouncy house and falls down
A glowing top spins around
A man looks at a boat near him.

Man in jacket playing saxophone
Girl in red shirt opens present
the man pets the dog.
a man with a yellow hat feeds penguins.
a man walks over and sits down.
a man does a flip.
the camera shows a man wearing red.
a little girl stabs at her food.
a baby starts laughing.
a blue car drives by the front.
a group of girls dance in one line
a baby puts their hands up around their head
a little girl takes something off a shelf
dog runs between 2 people
camera is pointed towards a women
lady with glasses looks at camera while chewing
a boy walks with his bike.
a baby is handed a green toy.
a large man bends over.
boy hugs his mother while she is kneeling in the water
squirrel picks up peanut and walks away
boy moves the cup out from between his arms
camera view moves from the band to the dancers
white dog drinks from bowl
girls spin in a circle
a child puts a book down
someone waves a flag around
a dog runs through tubes
a person writes on a green clipboard
a man hands over an award.
a dog walks toward the camera.
a man is standing on the trail.
car runs into wood wall and then spins
girl in white jumps down and starts to walk away
baby crawls onto spotted rug
people start pouring champagne
boy wearing blue shirt with hands on wood deck.
other girls shake while middle girl has arms on her hips and is facing towards camera
mini van drives my camera followed by police car
lady dips spoon in container
two people with umbrellas walk into camera view
the man brings the carriage out of the car.
a girl touches her head.
the camera pans from two people walking to trees.
someone with a video camera enters a store.
a cat runs across a room, out the door and then runs back.
a girl throws a stick in the water for a dog.
man in green points to his backpack.
two people hold up checks at the same time.
a helicopter is shown in the sky.
a toy plane flies by the camera.
seasoning added to meat
cat grabs blue toy
holds white stick in her right hand
the cat starts playing with a toy.
the dog runs through the blue tube.
a man blows out the candles.
a little boy walks up and touches the marker.
the guards march down the steps.
a second kitten tackles the first one.
am man in a white shirt is talking to the camera
a man points the camera at himself
the little boy throws the ball into the pool
baby picks up toy, puts in mouth, then throws down.
lady lifts up child
man dumps contents of orange cup into pan
food is dropped into pot
singer walks away
dad grabs something from girl
a woman walks back and forth in front of the dog show
a plane flies behind some trees
a kid in a yellow shirt scoots across the gym
the girl in green point at the girl in pink. the girl in pink waves
the child makes it to the top of the slide.
the little boy points at something off camera.
person holding camera walks outside
lady looks at the camera
man points camera at himself
man with america flag walks out of camera view
the couple in back shirts smile at the camera and each other.
a man smoking a cigarette and wearing a helmet rides down a road.
green fan is visible
little boy runs into water from sand
the cat removes takes it's head out of the bowl.
a man spins on his hands
the cat comes to the edge of the bed and peers over
the baby startles the cat
the girls dumps the bottle of fish food into the water
a boy sits back down and grabs the woman's feet.
the camera zooms in on the water in the distance.
the soldiers stop marching and stand still
a person in a blue shirt lowers himself to the ground from the top of a fake rock wall.
a dog walks across a snow covered field.
camera zooms in.
school bus doors open
red car drives out of view
black cat steps into right hand side box.
the little child twirls his fork around in the bowl.
the toddler and adult rub noses together.
the red car goes through the arch.
dog brings red ball back.
a dog looks toward the person holding the camera.
a man rubs an orange product on a table.
a baby starts to crawl away.
the kids on stage all kneel down.
driver and passenger get into the car.
the man lights a candle in his hand.
a little boy in blue is watching.
a hand throws some food.
a woman fixes her sunglasses.
a bird shows up on the feeder.
boy sticks fork into mouth
baby is looking directly at camera
red car drive underneath kneippbyn raceway arch
the woman in pink picks up an item.
the bird opens its mouth.
the camera moves to a man talking.
man hands the child the blue toy
boy turns his head to face the camera
baby in water walking towards a yellow object.
two men walking towards one man
grey kitten laying next to stuff animal.
the boy climbs the step.
a man picks out two weights.
the camera moves over to a man on a boat.
dog jumps over three red and yellow obstacles
man in grey hugs the man in blue
squirrel climbs down wire fence
a man holding a child on his shoulders exits the camera view
dog runs through a tube.
kid throws maraca.
roller coaster starts moving.
the gray cat enters the frame
the rat runs away
the cork pops out of the bottle
the woman stuffs the clothes into the bag
a hand picks up a pea pod from a paper towel and squeezes the tip
the dog jumps through a hoop
the women open their fans
the woman and boy roll their bowling balls
the boy turns and runs from a wave
a woman stirs something in a plastic container.
child looking back at something.
person wearing animal costume with ha d's on waist.
a blast of fire comes from the ground.
the dog runs away from a man.
a man grabs an alligator.
a man crawls and then sits.
the dog wags his tail and walks toward the camera.
a man in a blue jacket walks by.
a man does the splits on roller skates.
a man appears behind a van.
a man wearing a white, orange, and blue shirt skates backwards from the right to the left.
the larger bird moves to the edge of the object and turns.
the man gets into the white van with the open door.
a man on stilts wearing a cowboy hat dances to music in a crowd of other people also dancing.
a man in a black shirt runs through a field of grass with his arms outstreched.
a group of people wearing martial arts clothing raise their bows in preparation to fire an arrow.
a woman with a child runs across the room.
the camera shows a baby wearing pink.
the camera moves away from the red object.
head turns and walks away.
big bridge in view of camera.
boy begins swimming
the baby falls to her stomach for the second time.
a hand descends into frame from the top right corner and pets one of the medium brown puppies.
the baby grabs the brown square with his right hand from my mother's hand.
the boy in red is being pulled on a sled.
the dancing man stands on his hands.
the camera pans away from cannons.
the camera begins to pan down the street.
a man in a blue shirt is in the scene.
a girl stands up off the ladder.
the man is waving his hand.
the fountains dance across eachother in the middle.
a motor cycle passes in front of the camera.
a man runs into the crowd.
a puppy plays with the feet of someone wearing red nail polish.
the camera zooms in on the waterfall.
a man is walking down the street.
a man in blue shows up.
a man is stoking the contents of his pot.
the camera zooms out.
a man looks right and quickly looks back.
man with a guitar wipes his hands on his trousers.
woman raises hand in air while singing into a microphone.
the woman finishes writing the first letter.
the camera shakes and moves to the left toward the crowd.
the man lowers his bow.
the man puts soil in cup.
the big dog licks the little dog.
the camera zooms out and to the right of the pond.
a boat goes by on the ocean.
the american flag can be seen at the front of the boat.
the person in a light blue shirt can be seen standing with arms crossed.
a bird turns on the branch to the left.
the crowd throws their hands up.
the little boy is not talking and smiles.
the man in black walks by the screen.
a white van drives by.
a white and red van drives by.
lights appear for the first time.
man turns gadget around.
the safety rules sign goes out of frame.
car begin passing lights.
camera zooms in on smoke.
a man starts to setup the yellow object.
the red train arrives.
a small dog approaches a larger dog and sniffs it's nose while they both wag their tails.
hand pets under mother dog's chin
person in red and white striped shirt
a car drives past
the baby rocks back and forth.
a wave washes up on the beach.
a bigger fish swims quickly and closely from the bottom left to the right.
bird flies upward towards the bridge
truck plows into the snow
the machine launches something into the sky.
the woman is shown playing the guitar.
the boy hits the ball.
a bus drives past
a woman's head
the object that is on fire falls forward and lowers the height of the fire.
the camera quickly pans to the right.
the left arm of the person spinning goes in the air for the second time.
the camera zooms in and one can see a lady in a green sweater and a person with a red jacket.
the singer on the large screen to the left touches his hair.
the lady starts hitting the tambourine on her hip.
the toy begins to walk off camera.
the man with the plaid shirt playing the guitar leans to his left towards the other guitarist with the black shirt.
the man rotates his phone to show the screen of his phone to the camera.
six trees are shown in the wind.
the girl puts the instrument down.
the boy picks something off of the ground.
the camera zooms out a bit.
the train arrives on the track.
the talking face dissolves away
the batter makes contact
the filmer pans left
her face goes completely off screen
the fire crashes in on itself.
a man in a hat walks past the camera.
traffic goes by in the distance.
the camera zooms in closer to the six palm trees for the first time.
a boy with blonde hair wearing a white shirt walks into frame from the left side of the scene.
the purple light goes out of view.
a woman in red waves her hands.
a tall building comes into view.
the bright white lights shine on top of the guitarist.
the camera moves up and slightly to the left.
the baby brings his hands together, putting one hand on top of the other.
a woman comes into view as she is turning her head.
old man putting on fishing jacket
a girl in blue comes into view.
the lights go out.
the wheels leave the ground.
the top of a yellow and white bus comes into frame on the bottom right of the scene.
the camera pans over to the right for the second time.
a young gentleman with wearing a black jacket and blue shirt comes into frame from the bottom left of the screen.
a boy in blue is on person's shoulders.
the dog runs through the yellow tube.
a light grey suv car drives by to the left.
a person's head comes into view.
a bright blue bookbag
camera zooms into girl walking
man adjusts collar while looking at the camera
camera focuses on just the guitar
the runners on the track begin running.
a man pulls a child in a red coat and white hat across the frame.
the break dancer lifts his legs in the air and turns.
a man appears on the left.
a couple of people flash the peace sign.
there is a flicker of movement on the left side of the screen.
a woman in blue appears on screen.
the man gives the crowd thumbs up.
the dog enters a yellow tube.
a group in orange all stand up.
the camera pans down to show the horses head.
the girl raises the hula hoop and swings it in the air.
no text is visible briefly.
a girl laughs into the camera.
the camera zooms out to reveal a silver structure on the bottom right of the screen.
a young girl with a white and pink helmet is brought into frame when the camera pans over to the right.
a camera zooms out from a mountain to show the vast valley below it.
a boy on a snowboard moves quickly past a group of onlookers all wearing snow clothes.
the camera moves up.
the baby puts his arm over his head.
a yellow bus goes by.
a white car is in the frame.
a man in white turns around and walks backwards for a second.
a man stands on a platform attached to a mechanical boom and moves higher towards the sky.
the girl touches the toy.
the wave hits the birds..
the catapult releases
the camera pans to a woman playing guitar.
the white team runs out onto the basketball court after grouping.
a big green truck passe over the bridge.
a man hops up and down.
an old church come into view.
the little girl gets off the chair.
the people form a line.
a man reaches in and touches a puppy.
mom hands baby a wallet.
the image on the laptop comes into focus.
a wave of white fireworks appears at the bottom of the screen.
somebody jiggles the baby's arm.
a woman dancing starts to clap.
a white car passes on the right.
the camera reveals an 's' shaped curve in the river.
a man is holding up a picture.
a man in white points.
a pedestrian in a long black coat walks across the street.
a white car on the right waits at an interaction and then drives forward.
a large blue object comes into view.
the vehicle makes a turn toward the camera.
group of men at a circus standing on one another's shoulders.
the clock is not visible
before the toilet is touched by the hand
the owl is zoomed in on
the man pulls at his pants.
baby sitting down and another baby appears crawling down the hallway
camera zooms in to the left
a man wipes his eye.
the camera begins to pan down.
the camera focuses on a lot of boats
the baby turns to face the camera.
the little girl in pink turns around and bounces up and down.
a man in a tie-dyed shirt walks past.
the red car drives toward the camera.
the man puts the phone to his face.
the camera moves from the man in the hat up to the banner above him.
the little girl puts both feet on the step.
the photographer turns his body to the left.
a woman slaps her hands on the table.
the airplane passes close to the camera.
the woman touches the water.
the boat comes to a stop.
the people under the dragon stand up.
the camera zooms in on the tree.
the girl in pink jumps over the hoola hoop.
the writing goes off the screen.
water starts flowing in a river.
man claps then walks out into the hall.
a man with a black shirt and glasses comes into view.
the person switches hands and starts peeling the hand on the right.
the sitting and looking behind itself, turns, and starts walking away.
ship docking
red cones are lined up.
a blue fish is above the orange fish.
the three person totem pole moves forward to the left.
the man in the white shirt stops slightly to point at the floor.
the wave sprays water the highest on the dark rocks to the left.
the car passes another car.
a little girls mother gives her kisses
the camera shows only the cliff.
the person in the beige shirt touches the screen the first time.
car headlights pass by in the distance.
the man opens a picture on his phone.
a tree is brought into frame when the camera pans up towards the sky.
the camera starts to pan to the left.
song lyrics first appear on the screen
when the camera first moves past a tree.
the woman puts a piece of paper to her face.
the camera zooms into the waterfall
the man in the white shirt in the foreground scratches his back.
a man in red walks into frame.
the man is playing the trombone.
a man in red walks into the frame on the right.
a woman in a purple shirt and a white hat waving at the camera
door opens and a man appears
a man in black almost falls down with skis.
a yellow and red striped flag is shown going by.
camera zoomed in
camera shows view of entire road
dog runs into black tube
a woman in read appears.
the camera zooms in.
the dog bites for and then drops the toy.
the child holds a pencil up to the camera.
object on frame turns to black and white.
the girl counts or points at things in the book on her lap.
the airplane wheels first lift up off the ground.
the cat begins to paw at the screen.
the lady in blue put her hair behind her ears.
the dog runs through a blue tube.
the camera looks in the pot.
models begin to walk the opposite direction on the run way.
a woman waves at the camera.
the doors are opened.
a dog looks into the camera and then runs away
the pole is shaking
woman does peace sign
the singer points at the crowd.
there is a camera flash.
yellow knobs on the machine come into the frame.
the guy positions himself and gives two thumbs up.
cat falls on its back
person with yellow shirt walks past in background
the boy pauses, taking a gulp, looks down slightly, then turns his head to the right.
the toddler starts to take off the hat
they dance in line so that the smaller child can't be seen
the man with the tie-dye shirt appears
the man with the tie-dye shirt passes
a blue car passes on the right.
the video pans to the bend in the river.
person holds up photograph of building
the person puts the cover back on the phone.
the fish swims the other way and turns left.
little girl laughing on the floor.
a figure with a blue color comes into frame from the left of the scene
the camera pans upwars and to the right brings the man on skis in black out of frame at the bottom left of the screen.
the camera pans left revealing a hill.
a man with a megaphone walks by.
a bright lamp comes into view as the camera pans to the right.
the man with the glasses moves his head out of frame and back.
the man with the microphone points at something off stage.
the camera moves from the stage to a close up of a man's face.
a boat comes into view on the left.
the front of the ship comes into view.
a man in white waves his golf club around in the air.
the bird bites at a leaf.
the camera zooms in
camera zooms in to formation
people inside a bus
a bird runs past the camera
a woman singing puts her hands on her chest
a boy runs by the screen.
the camera shows the mans shoe.
a green bus passes by.
a woman's head comes into view.
they cross over a small bridge.
the bird flies off.
a man in pink appears.
people walking by as the camera moves
taxi cabs go by as camera moves to the right of screen'
the cat jumps on the screen
pole dancer does mid air splits between two poles.
man in blue shirt picks up child and turn back they way they came.
a man scratches his head.
fans cheer wildly after a soc cer goal is scored.
a person pushes a button on the side of a toilet and a bidet extension pops out.
a woman pets the head of a falcon she is holding in her hand.
the camera shows the tracks but then spins around.
people walking in a circle with snake
man in white shirt steps off screen
the camera moves back to the writing.
the woman takes a step back.
the dog runs through the blue tube.
the camera pans up over the lip of the pot.
camera zooms into the middle of the crowd
smoke appears in the crowd
man wipes his eye with hand
the lights fade and the screen turns to black.
the tractor give the truck the first hard pull.
a man crosses a white line in the distance.
a woman waves her hands around.
a man points in the crowd
the camera moves to the top of the building.
the baby waves its left hand.
a man stands inside of a building with a decoration over his head while someone else throws objects at him.
a man holds up his black cellular phone to show the back of it.
a dog wakes up and abruptly raises it's head from sleeping on a bed.
looking over a river side village
light is all blue
the camera cuts to the cat standing.
a bridge comes into view on the left.
the boy turns around.
camera zooms in on a man in a suit jacket and blue shirt
man is waving at somebody to come back
woman start shaking the tambourine
some boats appear on the beach.
the camera pans left so we can see the skier at his side.
the man picks up the stick.
the camera zooms way in to the monkey on the tree.
the jeep lurches forward
the man, who is bent over, stands up quickly
the perspective begins to rotate
the bright lights on the stage turn down to darkness.
the man on the motorcycle passes the person wearing orange.
an object is shown in the sky.
the train's light passes by and out of the frame.
the light coming from a small electronic device on the lower right fades off.
camera turns to man with grey hood over head.
child gets up
the person in black on the dock passes the white line on the ground.
someone who was filming with another camera comes into frame from the bottom left of the screen.
the kitten goes back to the yarn.
the camera zooms up slightly.
the man knocks the batteries out of a device.
the lady in the red dress with a red flower on her head stands up from her seat.
a woman wearing a red shirt appears to get on the escalator
three people are surrounding something.
the man starts talking.
the person on stage points at the audience.
the camera moves to a mans face.
the camera zooms in on the land.
a person is riding and chewing gum.
the man in white reaches into his back pocket.
a motorcycle man drives by fast.
the man is waving his arms.
the camera moves back to the person.
a person with a black umbrella walks by.
the camera zooms out from the cat staring.
camera zooms in on moving cars.
man bend over to hit object.
man holding dog while it runs between yellow and red sticks
is that a guitar'
hands are easier
faster than a parked car.
the white and orange cat comes into frame on the left side.
the camera zooms into focus on a figure.
a pair of birds fly from the right of the frame to the left.
an alligator begins to swim away from the camera.
a man in a blue shirt begins to ride past the camera.
the strusture with purple and blue lights comes into frame from the bottom center of the scene.
the person carrying a object with both hands walks out of frame to the left of the scene.
the orange and yellow parachute falls to the ground.
the baby with the pink clothes starts to smile.
camera spans the crowd
little girl is walking around
woman points at something
a flag is lifted out of view.
a woman waves.
only the ceiling/center of the dome is visible.
a red light dashes along the screen.
person walks right toward camera
guitar players bend to ground
the animation on the sign completes one loop before starting over
a very high and solid wall appears
farthest away view
lights on tall christmas tree turn red.
a red race car comes into frame from the right side of the scene.
the person who is playing the guitar looks down at the guitar for the first time.
the camera pans downward from the original frame.
a gentlemen with a red cap and white shirt enters frame from the right of the scene.
woman with the green shirt and red shirt bent over.
camera turns towards the bathroom.
the girls jump to the right of the hoop and then back inside the hoop
something black flashes on the right side of the screen
the boy touches his forehead with his finger
police motorcycles ride past camera
the man moves his leg and moves forward in his chair a little.
the red lights spin around.
three ball headed guys are standing around.
a yellow pole goes past the camera.
the woman with a white shirt and blue skirt releases the arrow.
a kid is seen playing with a ball with someone tall and wearing pink shorts
the bathroom in a hotel room is shown
the lady with the ponlytail turns her head to the side.
the car is at the top of the ride on the green pole.
the bald camera man moves and points the camera down and left.
two hands rise over head and clap,
the camera pans right over a fence to look toward a patch of trees.
the camera focuses on a guitarist wearing grey.
the page on the poster is turned over.
2 people are standing and talking behind the person playing a musical instrument.
a person is seen looking out on the patio above.
person bends down and then stands back up
black lines on side of picture disappears
a camera turns towards a group of people
the man touches woman's hand and then lets go of it
shows a hallway
doors close
man grabs microphone with right hand and stretches left arm over desk
white piece of paper appears.
the person with the shirt with the black vest and white long sleeved shirt lifts their right arm up in th air
a hand descends into frame from the left side of the screen.
man with purple feather in his back comes into frame from the right side of the scene.
a koala flips upside down on a log.
two people with hats approach a koala.
a person adjusts something on the top of their device.
scoop lands in the cone for the second time.
the person starts to stroke the cat with their thumb.
the person directly in front of the camera places their hands on the top of their head.
shows a man in a red jacket in the snow
man throws a frisbee on top of the building
an orange shirt is passed to another person
a man dancing on stage raises his arms.
the sun appears on the horizon
two small puffs of fire on stage
a red bus appears
girl in pink and white bathing suit stands up
someone reaches their hand in and pets the cat.
the woman with a red scarf and sunglasses in dancing.
a man is holding a white phone up.
a hand is tickling the baby.
the camera pans off the ice.
a person in a wheelchair is in the store.
the blue strands of christmas lights appear
the man in blue lifts his hands off the piano for the first time
3 bikes jump over the hill
a woman with a purple head-wrap looks at a flash mob as she passes by with her family.
the bar tender walks in front of the band as he returns behind the bar.
camera pans right to girl with braids jumping.
white bird flies across the frame from left to right.
really big cloud in upper left corner
shows whole picture of hall of giants
dog keeps mouth closed and still
dog running on the beach.
the front of a train appears.
child pointing at something
the presenter touches the laptop for the second time.
the person in the grey sweatshirt brings the phone down from up in front of their face.
the man with the black suit touches the laptop screen with his index finger on his left arm.
a gentleman is shown talking and making hand gestures
the person to the left begins to swim away
a person in a gray shirt can be seen walking away
the red and blue cars can be seen doing a burnout producing smoke from the tires
someone walks in the background across frame for the sixth time.
the woman with the green shirt walks back into frame from the right side of the scene.
the dolphin comes into frame for the third time from the bottom left of the scene.
bubbles escape from the scuba gear for the first time.
the motorcycles are out of view
the animal look like it lifts its head a wee bit
the camera turns to show the singer on stage some distance away
the display changes to show silver colored turning wheels
there are two women standing next to each other in red dresses
there is a guy in the foreground wearing sunglasses
a man with a black sleeve points to a computer screen.
a man starts to walk down a runway.
the car drives away from the driveway and a man in a yellow shit puts a ring on the ground
the fireworks start shooting up on the stadium
the boy goes around the 'carpet' and moves the circle
woman with pink shirt and purse walks past
the letter g slides into view from the right side.
gentleman in a hard hat comes into frame.
woman with red shirt moves the green car that was stuck against the wall.
the sun first peeks over the horizon
the man in the black beret walks to the left out of view.
a big black dog chows down on his meal in a silver colored bowl on the floor.
group of hikers observe the beauty of the mountains and sky.
car comes down and turns to go the other direction
man parachutes out of the plane
camera shows a short wall made out of rocks
a projector is illuminating the darkness
the camera zooms in on the violin players
first one bird is on the ground, and then other two land
butterfly toy is lifted into air
car drives by in the background
a kid in a black snow suit slides down a snow covered hill on his red sled.
the vehicle passes over dark colored rocks or droppings.
the bottom right light blinks on and off.
person is seen walking behind colorful flower.
the bug wiggled his leg
a black car goesthrough the traffic and a red bus goes by
guy playing guitar raises his right hand
man speaking raises his hands
a ram walks downhill
the camera shows a laptop computer
a cat lays down while playing with a toy
two men work together to form dough
the german shepard takes a treat from their owner for the third time.
a woman with a black sweater is waving a little flag in the air.
the performer on the right sways to the right
an alleyway appears
an orange kite lands in the hands of a woman.
a dog lifts his paw over his leash to untangle himself.
an old man stretches out his right arm as he talks.
as the footsteps in the sand are being washed away, the camera slowly pans right.
the amateur cameraman zooms into the bass drum as the band takes the stage.
the baby cow approaches her mother who is just to the left of the camera and slightly out of view.
person in hat enters and leaves frame
the woman slightly rotates the plate clockwise.
the performer makes the chinese dragon stand on its hind legs.
a gentleman with grey hair and a white t-shirt bent over.
someone walks in front of the line of sight of the camera for the second time.
train goes by
a concert performer puts down an object on stage.
an old man walks down boulders toward the shore.
an old grey car come into frame to the right of the scene.
cat reaches for the toy that was to the left of the frame.
a silver suv drives by
man in gray stands up and dances
the woman on screen has her head laid back with chin in the air
looking out of the entrance of a tunnel.
the baby brings its hands up to its face for the second time.
the gentleman with the black scarf picks up the glass.
the car passes a single person standing on the left.
the cats green toy is on the yellow blanket and the cat searches for it.
the cars stop on the track.
the camera shakes around.
the camera lowers to show some skis.
a machine pours an espresso shot into a small glass
a person walks in front of the booth.
a man in anonymous mask passes in front of the camera
camera looks on the road and a black car passes by
the camera pans to the left away from the sun.
the blue light to the left of the scene comes into frame.
a red double decker bus comes into frame from the left of the screen.
little girl with long hair starts to stand up from the water.
the artist walks forward the length of his writings.
the camera pans in on the opening.
a man looks directly into the camera after walking by
the camera jerks its focus back down.
lady with white jacket walks into frame.
the human moves towards the koala
the man moves his hand away from the device
the cat looks around to see what is hitting his tail.
the camera starts to pan completely to the right.
person with pink sleeves comes into frame bent over.
the person with the '19 jersey passes in front of the camera for the second time.
the ram pauses to sniff at something.
the boy shows his cds.
the cat is laying.
the man without glasses cuts a large rope of dough.
the man scratches the dog's side.
the nose of the plane goes under the wing of the one on top.
a boy with a plaid shirt runs to the crowd of people.
a person with a green flag walks down the street.
two people start to fight.
the camera moves to a man in glasses smiling.
the person wearing the green shirt looks down at the guitar for the third time.
the baby makes a face after eating the food.
a gentleman with a white shirt with black boxes on them walks out of frame to the left side of the scene.
the camera zooms in.
gentleman with brown suit brings his right hand up to touch behind his right ear.
the spinning blades on the right side of the screen leaves frame.
the cat lifts its head from the blue toy.
the girl with the purple and white sweater stands up.
both the leaves in the bush and the dog stays still.
the panda chews the food and looks to its right toward the camera.
a boy with a black long sleeved vest in glasses is looking to his right.
two people on motorcycles speed down the highway.
a little girl looks at the camera.
a hockey player passes the camera.
two hummingbirds eat and fly around a feeder.
a little boy begins to walk around a park ride on.
person walks past with guitar case
child scooters past silver car
a man speaks on a blow horn as a blue umbrella is shown.
two windows open as a unknown figures appear in both.
a wave hits the rocks as another crests further back.
the person with the black ski suit stands up from the sled.
the camera zooms out of from the scene.
the little girl brings her right thumb towards the center binding of the book.
person with the blue scarf swings their stick above their head.
a baby sneezes
a baby grabs in the air
person pans across crowded room and passes a television playing a game or a video.
the shaky camera person zooms-in to catch a close look at the wild birds.
lights on the side of a building change from a red letter 'b' to a white 'g'.
a group of men pull a large ball of fire down a street, as spectators watch.
a woman in a red shirt uses a stick to split a pileup of toy racing karts.
four school children rush to join the rest of their peers sitting on the ground outside under a big green tree on a sunny day.
aman in a bright red backpack walks quickly around the room.
group of birds fly left above trees.
person in swim trunks walks past the tree.
crumbs fall into frame from the very top of the frame.
the camera zooms in on a red and white poster.
a small dog runs down the beach.
a train starts to pass under a bridge.
a small child in a hat points at something off screen.
camera looks over rock wall to the mountains
a blue light is shining
camera zooms in on violinists
red car is not visible
a sign saying do not touch enters frame from the top center of the screen.
woman to the right most of the screen puts her hands on her hips.
the person with the blue jumpsuit stepped out the plane with their right leg.
the red turtle comes up for air for a moment.
the red turtle swims towards the surface of the water.
the red turtle descends towards the ground.
the camera pans towards a red scooter.
the glass on the table disappears.
camera is not filming any people, only road and trees.
a car drives by in the background.
the camera starts to pan to the left in the direction the scene started.
person with the glasses makes air quotes with their right hand.
the person in the rear passenger side seat reaches for the door handle.
the box is in the bottom corner of the sidewalk
fireworks streak across the sky
the handheld monitor laying on the counter is seen
yellow arrows light up on the ground
the cloudy sky is becoming clear.
someone observes the hall of giants signage in the cavern.
the dog yawns.
a man in a dark blue shirt who was sitting down stands up.
a small car drives down the road below the train tracks and out of view on the left.
a man walks down a trail in the woods.
a medium size boat sails down the water in the opposite direction the camera is travelling.
an orange fan is waving.
the camera moves to where you can see the bowl from the top.
the wave hits the rocks and breaks.
the clouds depart and the screen goes black.
the turtle goes up to the water surface to get some air.
the front wheels of a parked motorcycle come into frame on the right side of the scene.
the champagne glass from the right of the frame was taken.
a white suv drives past the window.
the singer on the left performs while standing.
sally's head is facing forward.
the page is flipped to show a cow.
the musicians become visible.
two people in a tower.
child wearing a blue shirt standing next to a baby on a swing
smoke comes out of the engine on the plane
a snowboarder is seen sitting on the ground
the woman in the cart wave.
a man in a white shirt walks across the stage behind the dancers.
a woman looks happy to greet you.
blue ball comes into view, then is thrown, and slowly comes back.
a red-sleeved hand reaches down to play with a baby.
a hockey puck is shot toward another person further on the ice.
a hand appears and makes an espresso shot
the camera pans down to show a notebook on the girl's lap.
a train passes by with a blue car on the end
the little girl tilts her head back and laughs
a man in a black jacket walks by
dog shakes himself dry
baby looks at her hand
a man with gray hair walks by the camera.
the camera person focuses on the person with the black shirt and shaved head.
carnival dancer jumps down
explosion when engine starts
people walk out on stand up comic
a boy in a white shirt spins in circles.
the bee finishes drinking nectar, then flies away.
the camera pans left, then right, to view the river.
the camera begins to follow the elevator up to the sky before losing sight of it.
a dancer pretends to punch at a girl dancing towards him.
a woman reels a kite back in toward herself
the dog lifts his foot over the leash
the man in the blue shirt lifts his left arm straight out in front of him and puts it back down.
a dog drinks from a bowl.
the woman on the left touches her hair.
camera turns to baseball field
girl stops petting cat
a hand picks the toy up and dangles it in front of the baby
a white car drives by in the background
the lift on the back of the truck begins to rise up.
a bird begins crawling up the sides of the cage.
the water looks the smoothest
the cat appears
a hand reaches in to press a button.
a man in a white t-shirt strums his nylon string guitar enthusiastically and nods his head along with the music he makes.
a hand quickly appears in foreground
the camera pans to the left while filming the stream
a red truck is scene parked outside the passenger rear window
the bug climbs on the finger.
a blue car is shown in front of a crowd.
the woman in the blue topped uniform bows
both back tail lights are fully visable
a man walks by two people.
the lights start flashing green.
a girl in purple does the hoola hoop.
the camera zooms in on the fish.
moved camera from left to right
camera zooms in on the cat
the camera is jumping
a gentleman wearing a red jacket comes into frame from the right side of the scene.
the person wearing black on the roof throws a disk.
board in water is visible
screen goes black.
the man in the blue dress dances with the woman in the blue pants
woman with a blue shirt and white pants comes into view from the right of the screen.
shadow lifts off the device and the natural light from the room returns.
the man with the white shirt and blue jeans squatted down to take a picture of someone else.
camera zooms out from fire
finger lifts up bug
man with a red bookbag
a small car makes a right turn on the bottom right of the screen.
person with a rd shirt and blue jeans walks past the person filming and out of frame.
a green shrub enters frame from the left of the scene.
young girl with the black shirt with circular designs turns her head towards the girl with the blue sweater.
the doors to the train car completely close.
the gentleman reaches to adjust the microphone stand.
the bird picks something up off the ground
somebody touches whatever this is
the little girl starts to walk away
someone walks quickly behind the man
the motorcyclist waves.
the singer raises a hand to her throat.
someone waves a paper on the upper left of the image.
the dog chases the car and a second child comes in from the right.
the vehicles drive out of view behind the bushes.
and old photo of a mother and child.
many bicyclist are speeding by.
one of the white birds climb the right side of the cage.
the multicolored bird begins to tucks his head underneath his wing.
person on the giant screen raises his right arm in the air.
woman in red dress walks in front of the white car.
woman with a black dress comes into frame from the left of the scene.
gentleman with white hair stands up from being bent over.
this is how the earth is shaped.
person in blue shirt and white hat
pans to celing and zooms into pretty light
plane is the highest
a person opens a card.
a man waves.
a hand pushes buttons on the center console.
a close-up pyramid of rocks.
two skinny trees
woman touches mans blindfold
the camera pans to the left to show a green leaf
a tv is visible in the back.
the bartender is visible.
woman with red shirt passes to the left of the person recording.
the light sequence change from blue lights to a fully lit stage.
girl with light pink shirt and blue jeans walks away from the hula hoop on the ground.
the camera zooms into the school of fish.
sunset on the beach.
the person with the blue shirt who is on ground lifts his arms up in the air.
the baby reaches for the metal handle on the playground set.
the biker turns his head to face the camera for the first time.
the woman places her hand over her chest.
the boy talks and then scratches his head
two people walk on stage.
two babies playing and a toy appears
a man and a woman take a bow
the person in a green sweater jumps on a ledge.
the tablet is dropped into the glass of water.
girl rubs her eye with hand
person in white and blue shirt appears
singer comes back on stage
woman with very long blonde hair walks into frame from the left of the scene.
a motorcyclist comes into frame from the left of the screen.
the gentleman with the gray shirts and no shirt bends over for the third time.
cat sits up.
before camera is zoomed in
yellow fish swim past
a camera zooms in on a mountain to show two people descending its slope.
one guy looks like he is swimming
you see a light switch
a man in a strange mask walks among large crowd.
man runs to the other side of the bridge to look at water.
a mannequin hangs as a flash of light occurs.
a seagull stops walking and jerks its head to its right.
a hand reaches down to touch the snake.
a man hiccups before a woman walks behind him.
everybody clapsfffffff
the larger girl points repeatedly at the smaller girl.
the camera pans over past a set of white umbrellas
the red car races quickley away
camera pans from woman on stage to crowd.
a little girl runs away from camera.
a little girl smiles and turns her head away from the camera.
the camera zooms in on a sign
the lady turns and walks away
the lift the lid off the pan with what looks like scrambled eggs
a dark colored car zips past dozens of pedestrians on-lookers as the police sirens erupt in the night.
the guitarist lifts his hand slightly in order to readjust after playing for hours.
after 3 long hours, the student body president rests his hand on his chest as he answers the final questions of the night.
rushing water comes into frame from the bottom of the screen.
painting of a man with a white and red robe comes into frame on the left side of the scene.
the plane starts to rotate counter clockwise.
little boy opens the plastic egg.
the lights on the trees turn green.
an icon is clicked and a photo enlarges
man in black back-steps in order to ready to defend his team's goal.
the panda looks right at the camera.
the boy with short black hair bows his head.
two lanes of vehicles are clearly seen travelling left to right.
adult women are displayed.
zoom in on the parade
kick with the legs
a fluffy yellow cat lays on a carpet in the sun and looks back at the camera while moving his mouth and meowing.
the stop bombing gaza sign appears.
the man at the lectern points with his right hand.
the camera moves across an island in the water.
the cat rolls over on its stomach.
a green and yellow sign passes the camera person on their right hand sign.
the cameraman points his camera down.
someone's hands appear and start clapping.
there's a lone pole.
the girl in the blue dress walks on the state.
the camera pans to an orange screen on the wall.
man in grey swaying with his arms crossed behind his back
horses walk past
people walk down from the stage
a man in a black suit walks in the background.
something is dropped into the glass of water.
camera moves towards the sky.
red car passes through then person kneels down.
player with the jersey '9 comes into frame from the right of the screen.
the train enters the tunnel.
two flies are in frame at the same time.
the girl brings her arm up and points at someone behind the camera.
little girl rolls her eyes.
a young boy with a red jacket walks into frame from the right of the scene.
the lights are turned on
person walks up to machine
before the first light comes on
when only one blue light is visible
the baby with the striped white and pink jumper starts to smile.
fish with white strips leaves frame from the top of the scene.
the gentleman with the grey shirt lifted his left arm up in the air.
camera pans away from the mountain and to the countryside.
person walks up to cat, pets it once, stands up then pets it again.
the lights go on.
the man puts his foot on the wall for leverage.
child gets off of the couch
girl with the green shirt lifts her left hand to her face.
woman who is sitting on the stairs comes into frame from the bottom right of the screen.
gentleman with the khaki pants walks back into frame from the right of the scene.
a woman in a blue dress holds a bow.
flashing lite on top almost goes out of the frame
dog owner sprays his yellow lab dog on the other side of a chain link fence with a garden hose.
zooms to notebook on girls lap
the boy gets off the couch.
the blueberry muffin passes the twinkie.
two bicycles riders pass by the camera.
the baby hits the keys four times.
the person with the yellow jacket gestured as if they were swimming.
person with the white and blue checked shirt stood up after being bent over.
the cat swats its paw down for the third time.
the white cat laying on the ground turns its head to look at the camera.
the woman with blue pants hip bumps the woman with the blue dress for the third time.
the smoke reaches the top of the image
the white lights blink three times.
smoke is ejected from the right most engine.
person with green pants lifts his legs and snowboard into the air.
several birds fly towards and consumer food thrown on the ground.
a zoomed-in look at an advertisement on a large outdoor screen.
the brake lights flash
baby reaches towards camera
name plate appears.
the sun appears in a weird glitch.
girraffee tickles the mans ear
video pans up to the trees
the view from a train shows a descending staircase to the end of a station.
a man kisses his cat and then feeds it something from his plate.
camera zooms away from people
yellowish green lights
a yellow sign appears
two kids play together
person first appears
smoke appears
person in pink shirt at bottom of screen
a vehicle moves from left to right of screen
person on stage throws object into crowd
a quick camera flash on the left.
the guitarist moves back and bends over.
fourth person enters the stage.
man wipes forehead.
two skateboarders speed by
a car drives really fast under a bridge
two birds fly over a man made canal
a young child hands an ornament on a christmas tree
camera turns from the screen to man in glasses
the back of a man going into another room
man holds up pink ball
camera moves around quickly
building with spiked top
woman leaves table to re-dip the brush in paint.
woman points ahead
camera goes very close to see flashes
pan of the crowd at a concert
the woman on the far left re-positions her foot to a more comfortable spot.
a pair of hands enter from the left of the frame and grabs something.
women on the right stands upright after fixing the table cloth.
as the camera pans left, orange leaves can be seen.
lady wearing black glasses walk into frame
person sitting in background with legs crossed
camera moves from tv to boy with guitar.
train finishing passing by.
the two jellyfish disappear off frame as the camera pans right to show more jellyfish.
a large white boat enter the frame from the center left.
another cat enters and disrupts a playing cat.
little nesting bird yawns.
the race has begun'
dog takes toy away from a baby
close up of a snake with a yellow head.
a red toy is at the top of a christmas tree
the man kisses the baby's head.
the person passes by some posters on the ground.
a flag with santa claus can be seen.
view of water
man touches his nose
camera zooms in
man fades onto screen
bear on the left takes a stick from the other bear and sits back down.
there is no one on the road.
a person wearing black t-shirt kicks a ball.
a person gives a thumbs up.
the filmer starts walking
the kid in yellow enters
pan to reveal the plant in the corner
a guy with a chainsaw explains to his buddy where the tree should fall
camera pans to see a yellow building
man in glasses makes a face at the camera
child at the bottom of the frame crawls to pile of sand than turns and sits.
the three front performers get up and clap there hands while kicking their legs in the air.
camera zooms in slightly then back out.
woman leans her heads slightly towards camera than back.
little girl bangs on bongos and plays harmonica
kid in penguin outfit watches penguins swim in water
all of the cheerleaders kneel down
the brown chicken at the bottom of the group flaps his wings
man blows smoke rings
camera shows sparks in the air
car passes as white truck
the man on the bike wearing a yellow shirt waves at the camera as be passes by.
a woman wearing a dress sits on the folding chair.
the boy raises his eyebrows, with a questioned look on his face.
a truck pulling a boat drives by.
the four trapeze artists are lowered to the ground
cat looks at leaves in the green lid.
person removes hand from item
child pushing child on a blue truck.
man in white shirt standing on platform rocking back and forward.
a man in a yellow shirt jumps up and down.
a police officer in a yellow jacket puts his hand on and then removes his hand from a yelling woman.
a view of a garden maze.
second cat comes onto screen
camera points to a screen.
the camera pans down to the ground.
a second fish appears slowly on the right.
a person with a yellow shirt comes into frame from the right.
camera zooms in on church choir.
camera pans left away from blue butterfly.
the man raises both arms briefly above his head.
the flag raises completely up and is removed from the track entirely
the lights are flashing red
camera turns to the top of buiding
yellow car drives past
a man runs in front of the camera
the singer pulls and unsticks the microphone cord
the camera zooms in a land mass
underwater camera footage of rocks
the hand grabs the brush.
the man in yellow holds the string up.
camera turns and stays to the left
people on top of a diving board
man stops spinning and looks at camera
camera moves left and the cross quickly right.
camera pans to bottom right as parrot sings.
an orange and brown bird runs across an outdoor deck surrounded by foliage toward a can on the ground.
little boy lifts guitar above his head
camera moves from the band to the spectators
black lama turns around
a staircase is shown
zoom in of brown soil
cat touches screen
man in white v-neck is seen in the doorway.
boy fixes hat.
chipmunk 169
bird lands next to another.
baby reaches for camera.
man kisses cat
camera zooms out
the woman blows a large bubble that pops.
the little boy sways his head back side to side.
the little girl walks over and touches something on the table behind her.
child bangs on the drums
the childs mother's face
person on couch in bottom left corner
women in blue picks-up a baby chick.
runners lift their butts and start running.
as the clouds pass, sunlight glimmer on the castle.
camera turns to purple butterfly
cat looks back
bungee jumpers jump off of tower
waitress walks through kitchen to avoid mariachi band
boys ride by on bikes
stingray swims by
man picks up folding chair
woman sits in chair
waves crash and get very close to camera. camera backs up.
a child in red appears from the right side of the frame.
man turns camera from himself to cat.
baby starts cry then stops.
grandma looks at camera than back at baby.
man points to an object
a man wearing glasses talks while driving
the camera pans up to the man in the white pant's face.
the camera pans over the audience.
man in the long white coat crosses in front of a girl with a purple shirt.
man points
planes fly up
an american flag
man lets go of childs hands
screen shifts for the first time
camera zooms in
the sign changes to red.
first game with bright screen
person in white joins the circle
light bulb is visible at the top right.
a bus turns left.
there is a blurred bar on the right of the frame as the camera moves around.
baby smakes the counter top as her mother mixes the bowl.
the lights are moving in the distance.
a white car is driven by.
an american flag comes into view.
the man lets go of the babies hands.
man in group sits down in chair
white plastic chair is in view at the top of the frame, than camera pans down.
the camera pans to show three people in a helicopter.
a little girl smiles as she mixes something until her tool is taken away from her.
a finger moves in a touches the starfish for the first time.
the camera is turned toward two people.
a sunset on a beach
battery is held up into view
baby moves drink to other side of stroller
woman singing and playing keyboard
person get out of white van.
camera zoom light on pole out the way.
person jumps in the front of marching band
camera quickly turns to grey item on grass
the dog lunges at the cow are then runs away
during these three segments, the camera stops panning and stays fairly stationary
the camera pans up to show the mother's face for a second
dancer bends backwards
zoom in on a bus
camera moves from projector screen to group on the left.
baby looks up from toy piano.
people in pool fall down except for 4.
both the dog and man in the red shirt begin to walk forward.
the camera pans left, away from the woman in the blue shirt and pink hat.
camera goes close to the screen
the guitar player flips his hair back.
man in blue robe walking up to camera
boy briefly looks at hands.
white car on right brakes.
the motorcycle goes out of the view of the camera
the second swan starts to swim
camera crosses behind a women in a dark shirt and hat to get a better view.
camera pans from lecturer to crowd.
smoke begins to enter frame.
a blue and white scrub brush covered in duct tape and wires races around on a blue and grey floor.
woman leaves frame and camera zoom in on baby.
cat looks at door than at camera.
a little boy in a grey hoodie is helped to his feet.
the dancers all walk over to the left and kneel down.
man on the right in the audience wipes his brow
the leader walks out of sight
different shaped bushes
lighter purple fish swims by at bottom
person's foot goes back into the water
camera looks out the left window
the bird walks over dirt ditch.
the black sky is seen and then the camera shifts down to see lights on the horizon.
the laptop can be seen
camera fades from black to reveal, 'feliz 2009'
the child stops walking with the bike.
a finger enters and points
the white vehicle turns on red lights
man in black jump-starts ride by pushing it with his hands and exits left.
dancers enter frame from left.
frame brightens and a man is seen talking.
the suns glimmers on the lens of the camera.
game ends and shows score
train passes camera
camera zooms in
the man walks away from the tree
the man in a dark blue shirt exits the frame
a dark object appears on the water
the two men take a drink
woman in red looks behind her as she passes man with sign.
orange mailbox first comes into view.
the camera turns to the people sitting in the audience.
camera moves to the sides of the engine that shows the blue cone.
camera pans down to show people's heads
two boats pass eac hother on the water
a man walks toward the camera.
cat reaches for string.
woman in dress get very close to second microphone.
lady holds up both hands at the same time
man in yellow jacket comes and sits down
camera turns left to face away from crane
a hand can be seen and the camera moves up to the sky.
the camera zooms in on three lights.
a puppy falls on it's back and kicks its legs.
the camera person walks closer to the closet.
baby begins crying.
a luggage car pulls up by the airplane
a view across the lake
the boy is shoveling sand.
the band is clapping.
the camera zooms in and back out.
the woman begins talking.
child walks backwards
dog tucks head downward to paws
televisions turn off and on quickly
three fists are raised in the one after the other
camera pans left where a man with a yellow tie is seen.
camera pans to the right on to the black llama and then back.
camera operator looks out the window
child in yellow shirt jumps out of chair
all the children raise their hand
two girls standing in front of a yellow cake
person rolling in grass at nightime
person begins running toward water
camera pans down to baby behind car
person begins walking out of frame.
the boy turns to look behind him.
a guy wearing a blue shirt and sunglasses appears behind the man in the black hat.
the animal moves some sticks as it goes around the person's foot.
the two dogs walk together with the toy in their mouths for a slight moment, before struggling again.
camera pans up from the metal grate to the crowd
camera goes from upright to sideways.
there is a flash on the stage
camera turns to the car radio
a toddler grabs a stick
a girl shows off her medal with the help of another girl.
the projector turns off during the presentation
girl in car tries taking kids blocks, kid pushes her back so she cant reach, then falls down
the man puts his arm around the woman's shoulders
the baby taps the front of his car
a boat moves down the beach.
camera zooms in on the silver dirt.
baby gently swings and looks at camera, without anyone pushing her.
person adjust baby in high chair.
camera pans over to another smoky area.
camera reaches the 'middle' of the structure.
camerman throws toy in the water.
red object can be seen at the bottom of the frame.
woman falls off mechanical bull.
man in red and white striped shirt
man in red shirt unleashes dog
the baby walks behind the green rope.
the little boy claps while dancing.
the birds tail feathers shake.
before you can see the train
a train passes by a muddy swamp.
camera pans left to reveal a snaking river
hand drops ice in glass
man in yellow shirt sits down just out of frame to the left.
and odd discolored streak appears in frame.
giraffe licks man's ear.
camera pans up from red canoe to tree top with bird.
before the stage is zoomed in on
person unlocks door in the dark using a flashlight
the eighth guinea pig enters the frame.
man wearing black shirt and blue jeans walks past a band playing on stage
a group of people in the pool are holding hands and walking in a circle until they all fall into the water.
camera is viewing the volcano
man wearing vest walks by
man in blue eats snacks
something blue is visible
everyone stands up at once
driver passes as braking car
people on the sidelines of a game
two signs are driven past
camera is zoomed in
camera zooms, tower of left leaves frame.
camera is only focusing on woman singing karaoke
camera zooms in a lot on rock wall.
scuba diver points up at fish swimming above.
the camera moves away from the yellow motorcycle.
the duck starts to swim to the left.
little girl crosses arms and sways
turtle pokes head out of water
child places right hand on podium
camera pans off fast running water onto black rocks.
person beating on table in a dark room.
persons arms in bottom of the screen
a sign with the number three
the four characters on the screen are walking in between hot pink lines.
the shot zooms in on a hammock and two trees and then zooms back out.
the dog is trying to get the cat to play but the cats tries to hit the dog with its paw.
a baby is wiggling its bottom while sleeping.
a bubble of air or gas bubbles up from a blackish brown piece of earth.
camera zooms in on group
man holding baby walks out of frame
boy shakes his head in agreement
the man hugs the tree.
the camera goes down and zooms off the people standing.
a ship is seen in the distance.
a toy is thrown to the dog.
the camera zooms out.
the plane touches the runway.
a man with glasses passes by.
a woman wearing a pink shirt turns and walks to the right.
the camera zooms in on the boy with the red shirt rubbing the dog.
the camera pans away from the singer to the left.
lines of white light move
white car appears
the vehicle passes by a sign with the letter e.
a woman and children turn and walk away.
a person walks in front of the blinking lights the first time.
man with brown guitar looks up at woman with blue.
camera zooms out from the boat to show the entire shot.
the long red bus leaves the frame
man starts talking
man climbs up the ladder
girl is standing in front of speakers in the audience
a train rides by
frame that focuses on the train and doesnt move.
the white dot on the right is the only one to blink red.
man in black shirt and another in white sit down on the left of the frame.
ride goes up for the first time
hand pets cat
man in pink hat walks into frame
kitten sits up
baby swings his right arm
stars to sing
you can see a red and white flashing tower appear in the left bottom corner and move towards center screen
there is a fast zoom in
the camera moves even with the smoking device and you can see a gray building in the background with balconies and rows of windows
a boy is a white shirts walks past the table and reaches up to put something on the shelf
flying towards the trees
a guy in a red outfit comes into the room while everyone claps
you can see fins poking up out of the water
a guy in a black shirt starts off the game of tennis
camera attempts to refocus as it pans over the landscape
a female scuba diver waves at the camera
one green bird flies away
child wearing red begins to get out of playpen
person wearing red shirt runs past
kids lay on the floor than quickly get up.
camera pans over person waving a flag
person starts a video on a cellphone.
flashlight reveals door handle and hand
camera focuses on black and white hamster.
person with black shirt and white binder exits stage left.
a crowd of peoples legs
a bus or train pulls into a terminal lit in blue light.
a light dusting of snow falls on a courtyard with barren trees surrounded by brick buildings.
woman sits back down in front row
camera zooms out for the second time
woman bends backwards
man with blue hoodie and glasses turns and looks at camera
the girl finishes dancing and bends over.
a girl in pink on a bike passes on the right
the car goes under a bridge
a couple of bird fly by.
while squatting, man in blue shirt and tie gets up while holding two large pieces of paper.
camera zoom in to show what the man is working on.
person with bright blue bag leaves frame to the right.
frame where the man doesn't rotate his head.
the man kisses the baby.
the camera passes a red tent.
blue fish enter the frame.
grey sign in front of statue
person sits down in train
the stage lights are a darker blue
a drink is pourned into a glass containing a single large ice cube
athletes joining hands from opposite swings.
a group of people move forward on the stage.
woman in pink comes into frame from the left.
woman passes directly in front of the camera.
camera zooms in on the two individuals
man with blue hat picks up stick from the ground.
the hand turns the large knob to the right.
the camera zooms in on the car radio.
the camera zooms in on fish swimming to the left.
hand comes into view and reaches for the dog swimming.
diver points up to the camera and camera looks up.
a car with bright headlights drives by
the porcupine is against the tree
the word vida on the wall
a man in a orange jumpsuit climbs onto a moving train.
phone goes white and camera moves away from phone.
train approaches bottom left of the frame.
camera zooms in and the bright blue box at the top right of the frame disappears.
snoop dogg grabs a blunt from the right of the frame.
a cat jumps from one side to another
a baby waves its hand
camera pans up to light
child gets close up to camera and grabs it
camera pans up to look at decorative arch
a person with a yellow jacket is visible
vehicle in background turning
wooden dock is seen
man facing left talks
yellow light flood the stage.
huge boulder enters bottom right frame.
camera person's shadow is clearly visible on the bottom left frame
car pulls up
camera zooms in
a man in a long sleeve blue top runs past the nine sign.
a man with a camera squats down.
an orange flag is flapping in the breeze.
another child walks past in the background.
silver car passes person in orange.
man approaches two horses.
camera zooms in then out on babies face
a spinning m
child closes book
an elderly man in a red and white letterman jacket turns and smiles at the camera on a sunny day.
baby bring brush handle to left eye.
camera pans down to a piano.
mom holds up 2 fingers for baby and laughing ensues
yellow turn sign exits frame to the bottom right.
the camera pans from the inside of an ice cave to the rocky ground where a person in a yellow jacket is standing.
man in blue picks something up for the first time.
camera zooms in for the first time.
man turns around.
man keeps his head forward for a few seconds
man in orange shirt disappears into the crowd.
frame that shows only water and mountains in the background.
the man turns and smiles.
a man throws something into the fire, the fire shoots up and sparks.
the driver passes a pickup truck.
the camera zooms out of the drums.
woman in blue shirt starring into the distance.
the camera comes under a bar and pans low.
person in purple t-shirt sits
a yellow vehicle drives towards the right
passing a 20 mph speed-limit sign.
plane passes a yellow line.
a person opens the booklet.
the camera slowly pans to the right to the other side of the draw bridge.
a person holding an umbrella passes by in the distance.
the camera pans to the right toward the trees.
camera walks past puddle on the ground
woman in blue dress standing
blue tents are seen in the distance.
the girl moves backwards.
colorful fireworks leads to blue firework.
something shakes on the right of the frame.
the camera pans to the right to show the other panelists.
camera passes the simpsons machine
woman in white coat joins the group
large animal skeletons appear
view of bridge disappears
all the cheerleaders squat done then the camera pans right.
chicken opens its wings and flaps.
one more person is joining a group of people for a photo shot.
camera pans left to show a hiker in red.
car passes triangle figure on the left of the frame.
camera shows dancing/jumping group for the first time
camera zooms in on the guy with the hat
girls lifts her left arm
camera shows the cook
man looks to the left rapidly
camera phone flashes in the center of the frame
man is jumping as the yellow light shines on him.
a sport fan in a grey cap rushes to get to his seat in a massive stadium with green grass.
woman smiles lady wearing grey scarf enter frame
grey object appeared in frame
concert crowd waves towards the stage.
a cat's eyes widen in surprise and then it falls back asleep.
person in the crowd lifts their hand up
camera passes a parked red car
blue team skates in front of the camera for a second time
a white building is seen in the distance
person wears fairy wings
women in yellow touches her head and face
from a far distance the camera zooms in on 3 yellow lights.
puppy on the bottom of the screen accidentally turn on its back
camera walks toward open closet.
man on left put his hands together and rests his chin on them
camera goes to the side of the fish tank
girl waves arms in the air
turtle swims to top of tank
boy touches microphone with both hands
a blue light flashes at the bottom of the screen
camera zooms out from the rocks
cat pats string
a lady sings and holds a note
a cat opens it's mouth the first time.
red letters on boat are seen
person hold a white and orange bucket
a baby by a car
a woman in red is walking on the path
a half white dome structure on a roof top is shown
pan to a woman in red
animals swimming in water
toddler puts food in mouth with a spoon
zoom in of basketball court
musician jums
camera pans over to the left.
a large circle of blue sparks is briefly seen.
the camera zooms out to reveal the exterior of the fireplace and room around it
the wing of a larger bird appears in the upper right hand of the screen
the snowboarders pass two brown, house like structures
baby smacks stomach with both hands.
the camera moves slightly left and a bright light floods the frame.
the water is shown after the buildings
rocks become visible
camera turns to the right at the big screen
baby walks pass green hanging rope.
man on screen in background waves his hand.
a person reaches over towards the person in blue and grabs something.
camera quickly pans down at water.
two individuals hide under blanket after looking at camera.
gap in the bike row then camera turns to the right.
camera zooms in on girl with ponytail.
girl walks right then scratches her nose.
camera passes couple holding hands on the left of the frame.
the little boy gets picked up.
the boy fakes a punch to the head.
the dancers kneel down.
the baby opens its mouth.
camera moves in slightly towards the person on the left.
third individual appears on screen.
a bald eagle walks to a new spot
wind blows lady yellow skirt up
child wearing blue tee shirt runs past behind 3 ladies.
baby plays with squishy yellow and blue blocks.
woman in the background in pink sits up
person reading a newspaper folds the newspaper in half
girl in pink t-shirt looks back behind her
a bouquet of flowers are seen
the camera pulls out.
lights turn from yellow to blue
train is very far away from camera. man approaches tracks.
hand helps dog swim.
woman in pick points than shakes her arms.
hand point to left
camera comes back to persons legs for the third time
man gives money
man on the far left takes a step back
toddler stop and lets go of handle bars.
baby turns on her belly.
a man in a red shirt is riding.
camera follows ball into audience
dog runs up to camera for second time
the cube spells love
animal disappears behind grey object
train moves backwards.
a full view of the top off the buildings
a white headed sheep and a black headed sheep
as the camera pans, there is one flash of bright red along the horizon
person jumps out water and begin to get out of pool
camera pans in on color dancing water and red ball no longer in picture.
camera pans over to cran.
children throw water balloons into the air
a cat does a flip trying to catch a yellow moving object.
dark brown cat leaves.
two white planes in the grass on the side of moving plane
cannon is fired under the flag. a flash of light can be seen.
camera pans left to reveal an stage with an orange banner.
two cars enter the background of the frame from the center left.
the camera moves down under a rail or pole.
the hamster begins to play with a yellow and red ball.
a group of people dancing and cheering.
camera passes two red lights.
camera zoom in on performer then back out.
cat inspects blue trash lid than runs away.
light turns from white and pink into a blue light
person in blue and white stripped t-shirts walks across screen
man walks bike across intersection
little girl drops toy shes playing with
no arm in the frame.
a yellow streak of smoke is clearly visible
camera adjusts brightness to get a better shot of the guitar.
person in orange t-shirt is shown
people walk in the opposite direction of the runners
colored lights flash
person rubs ladies chin
person in purple hoodie pushes orange on swing
pans to man building something on desk.
people walk the opposite direction
parade begins to move in another direction
the lights change to purple
the camera shows a silver car.
cat paws at the camera, lazily
boy sitting in blue bucket puts a grey hat on head.
person riding motorcycle through water appears in frame
boy begins unwrapping a present.
person in white blouse turns around to look at dancing man
bird pauses before taking off left.
boy climbs up on chair
lens flair for the first time
brown dog rolls on his back
man has his arm in tube
baby points to camera
camera moves down and closer to brown cat's face.
camera moves down and towards playground as the toddler reaches through the bars.
woman adjusts her arms so that her right arm can better hold the baby.
strange purple light appears on frame.
animal is placed into box
people run around a track
two men are talking in a room as a child and an adult start to walk in from the other room.
a person in white walks by
peice of paper appears at the bottom of the frame
ed sheeran points at the crowd.
camera zoom in on grass.
performer in black and performer in white squat down to the ground.
camera briefly focuses on picture of man smiling.
skier in yellow enters from right and crosses all the way left.
the camera zooms in on the screen.
van parked on the street
green and white bus passes camera
man walks past the camera in the far back behind the bald man
seal blinks its eyes for the first time
man second from the left touches his face fir the first time
yellow sleeve appears.
pan to a close up on the girls face.
a man climbs the steps and puts money into the guitar case.
the boy on the end without a piece of paper moves slightly left away from the person next to him.
the white boat is close in the corner.
child and parent shake hands.
the camera zooms in on the game.
the lead singer jumps.
figure wearing white approaches front of stage than quickly backs-up.
camera zoom in on orange dashboard display.
a man who is sitting down waves at the camera.
a lady puts both of her hands up while giving a speech
a person who stands out from the croud rushes in for a picture
camera pans over a body of water.
camera pulls back to reveal several young people around the machine.
black and white cat bats a laser pointer.
camera turns to computer screen
person with skirt and pink shoes
child turns head forward to look at television
billboard changes to 5 icecreams on a blue screen
screen is a black for a moment
second of two visible skiers leaves view
people are looking at the view.
the woman in white is demonstrating.
a toddler puts his hand to his mouth
the bright lights come on
a bee flies into the upper right hand corner
the camera zooms in to a boy in the hallway.
a red truck drives by
little boy puts hat on
man on the far left wearing white shirt and grey jeans squats down then back up.
woman with blue hoodie appears out of the bottom right frame.
camera pans slightly up to reveal river rapids
the band plays and a camera flashes
the girl does a flip
the man dressed in green walks by the table
the camera is faced out the right window and you can see us pass a red car and then a black car
the camera shakes significantly, and then the first skater comes up to the turn
the camera frame is stable and the white lights in the middle flash twice in a row
the little boy stops to look at the grass and then falls on his bottom
the sky is seen
the band begins to march.
two people are looking at a board.
the cat turns its head visibly and the only other movement is the man rocking on the right side
a white picture frame is on the wall.
person walking holding red and white bags in hand.
two people start singing together.
the woman in blue walks off the screen.
the baby looks up.
man in gray hoodie and hat pulls up pants.
camera does a 180 to show a woman wearing a multi colored dress walking towards the camera.
sun light reflecting on ocean and side view mirror on the left side of the frame.
a long green leaf sticking out from bottom of screen
helicopter flies over wall
girl stands up in the water
the roof fully closes
red and yellow object falls on the bottom left of the frame.
man with red hat and purple glow necklace touches fixes their hat.
camera quickly pans to the far right.
cartoon of a blue truck
single green skinny tree is seen
man in blue is playing the guitar
rubik cube is completely blue
bottom row of equipment is viewed
two people skiing
a man in red walks by.
the person wearing a green jacket goes under water.
the bus approaches another bus.
child takes tooth brush out of their mouth
person in white t-shirt appears
toddler is picked up my adult
a person with a black shirt and a person with a blue run together past camera
woman holding purse close walks past
orange flag in bottom left corner
fish swims left then quickly turns around.
smoke rises, cellphone enters frame from the bottom right.
performers start violently splashing water
older man with black suit coat
camera zooms in on second smoking hole
grey car zoom by then camera pans down.
two figures wearing black move center left.
cat's neck is touched
white statue in background is seen
a sign with the letter m spins on the ceiling.
person to the right puts hands in the air
the camera zooms
camera pans away from the fountain.
the boy reaches out for the bird.
the lights begin to flash under the tent.
the train begins to move.
zoom in on green trees
man in red vest walks towards the left
a man in red is smiling.
a white car passes on the other side.
people on a diving board
man turns his head to the left
the camera pans from a red roller coaster on the right to to yellow one on the left.
a sail boat appears to the right of the rowers
a man in a yellow shirt walks by.
the guy in the green shirt turns around
toddler's hand show the camera a battery.
baby moves sippy cup with left hand over to her right side.
white headed bird in a pond.
the person in the yellow shirt begins and finishes their gymnastics flip.
a person in a green jacket walks into the room and throws something into a large bin.
three chairs are visible together
scuba diver waves at the camera
camera pans to the right
skiier skiis in between skinny trees
train starts to stop
both bars make the biggest jump
biker with blue shirt zips by.
red to blue.
guitarist fixes hair.
camera pans up from the table to show a crowd of cheering, fans.
angry woman points at a man in green who is walking backwards out of the frame from the bottom left.
the camera starts to zoom in on the little girl's face.
the camera passes by a man wearing a white and red hat and a plaid shirt.
child eats a piece of food
woman in white stands up
camera zooms out and looks at the bridge
toy firetruck goes into tunnel
second screen pops up
the driver turns to the camera and then looks away quickly.
the kid walks up to the camera
goalie lands on her side
people with yellow and orange skirts
the plane wing darkens
second person walks past in background
dog nibbles on its backside
camera circles around
man in background uses sign language to communicate with female
man introduces collegue
sky goes from light to dark
man wearing black shirt walks pass person dancing in front of crowd.
the stick on bottom is in full view
camera pans over crowd
child looks up to read music
man picks up wood and throws it up between the wood beams.
camera pans right from 'johnson' bust to a statue leaning
man in grey sit down in train.
girl makes a big kick
really sharp turn
a tiny bird pecks at plant, and flies away.
a little girl wearing a dark pink shirt climbs out of the playpen.
person in white t-shirt appears
train moving past
kid fixes hat
title reads chipmonk 169
the second bird lands
dog eating its food
child has blanket over face
baby lifts legs up
camera goes back to the yellow patties
woman fixes her hair.
car passes sign
white object comes into view
person with a bicycle walks across the street
child takes object from the adult's hand
a dog charges a bull.
a women's face is shown.
the person in the light blue shirt points ahead.
baby smiles
baby moves arms in the air
a boy is tapping the table to call some one.
a person is smiling widely
after gesturing for a bit, man reaches to scratch nose.
camera zooms in on graduation stage.
projector fades from letters to display man singing and wearing red.
a red and orange flag is being held up.
two bright white lights appear.
boy in red looks at camera than pets dog.
camera pans right to focus on a woman singing and playing the piano.
video turns green for the first time
camera zooms in on two trees
cat swats at dogs face for the first time
they pass by the stairs
the camera looks into a window
a simon gibson truck makes a wide turn.
panda on the right is shown by itself.
the girl is on the left and the boy is on the right while holding hands and dancing.
a little boy brushing his teeth
a man in a white shirt, two men in black shirts, and a man in a grey shirt cross the street one after the other
a woman picking up a baby
a group of animals in the water.
cat moves slightly towards laptop and then back.
two people wave over a third person to join in their video.
guy dances at a wedding reception.
camera dims light and zooms in on woman.
woman makes face at the camera
yellow bus turns
sidewalk is visible
baby claps hands
the frame that only shows the rest of the orchestra and not the drums.
frame that shows the little boy completely passing the red truck
bright light floating in the water disappears off frame to the left.
frame the shows two blue glowing eyes.
camera distorts and flips
houses at the end of the stream
man brushes sauce on food.
woman in white fixes her hair.
camera turns to the front of woman
camera passes a small white sign on the right of the frame
figure on projector greatly expands to show great level of detail.
camera dives under water.
a black suv car can be seen in the frame.
a mans face moving around
before the toys are placed on the tray
man on the left crouches down.
angels jump up and down
a wide view of the river, then pans down.
pan over to woman driving a car down a highway
little kid stumbles upon a picnic
the book is opened for the first time.
we pan to see a yellow house.
a little boy pops a bubble with his finger and licks it off.
a boy rocks back in forth while waiting
a little boy walks past a red truck
women in red unleashed dog and walks away.
camera moves up from the tree to show a hanging light and roof.
elderly woman slams fist on blanket.
red car passes in the background.
girl hold her hat before twirling her arm in a circular motion.
a red balloon in the sky
a man and his dog start the course
a bearded man and a woman in a grey cap huddle together under a camouflage patterned blanket in a white room.
frame goes from legs to front view, to looking over to the side.
the camera violently shakes before the skaters approach the turn.
baby gets up and walks towards the camera.
man gives thumbs up
persons hand touches screen
camera zooms out to show entire stage.
man wearing glasses passes directly in front of camera
man in light grey shirt raises camera above head.
camera zooms in on band
two red scooters go by quickly.
illuminayed ball quickly changes to bright red color.
singer raises hand, and dances.
room comes into view
flowers are no longer in view
the lights on the stage turn blue and then flash to white.
a dog is walking down the sidewalk on a leash and then begins to head to the left.
a woman in a yellow shirt looks to her left, then behind, then to the left again at her fellow band members.
little boy raises one finger
dirt bike leaves puddle.
boy pulls red blanket out of present.
a person pulls the boy on the machine backwards.
child presses the screen then it turns from brown to purple and white.
woman is getting her chin rubbed.
woman in purple jacket claps.
a man in a gray shirt points downwards.
a woman in a very colorful dress walks away from the camera.
the guard rail becomes a concrete barrier.
the man in blue walks closer and grabs an item.
a blue object moves in the distance.
a person in white leans over.
the car pulls up next to another car.
she took the bag from the other girl.
the only person to walk past the camera.
the dog looks at the camera and wags its tail before attacking the garden hose
the camera zooms in
woman kneeling moves her left foot back
hand moves the stick up and down
woman in yellow and white jacket walks past
man drops other person into net.
the green lights in the background turn off.
singer grabs the mic stand.
camera zooms in
dog touches toy for the first time
camera zooms out for first time
camera goes past child in orange helmet and white shirt
the camera pans upward and then turns in a circle to show the top floor of the building all the way around
the girls spins all the way around between these two clips instead of just swaying back and forth
there's a sheep with a black face in this clip
train goes by
speedboat is visible
a group of fans are running through the outfield when the pitcher resumes play by throwing a pitch.
person walks past the screen
child in red and white jacket skates past
man turns back and looks at the camera
camera pans up to reveal the clock tower
kid claps and tries to stand up
camera zooms in on cats face first time
camera pans to woman with white hair about to take a picture
camera shows a sign of yellow lettering
a red car comes into view in the distance.
the camera zooms in on the instrument players.
the swan on the right spins around.
a man shoots a gun and falls over.
people twirling flags.
camera pans to pair of people holding white signs with colorful lettering
screen on stage fades in to camera feed of performers
child walks up to camera, smiles and laughs, walks away
woman walks cake with lit candles in and sets down on table
right foot is up
percussionists jump for the first time
the baby leaves the frame
person shuts and opens a door.
sleeping with the fishes.
darkness with small lights.
man in a white shirt wondering what all the fuss is about.
a child climbs up three bars.
an animal falls on its back and turns back over.
a young boy is shown talking to the camera.
the baby is standing
the first cyclist in yellow enters and exits
the baby yawns
a woman with a red shirt and a girl in a blue shirt appear.
the cat behind the curtain looks down.
a largest fire work explodes red to green on the left.
the camera reveals green shutters
a red motorcycle goes by
camera pans left for a rock
the man on the right spins around.
man briefly raises both hands in the air
building in red appears
man moves his hand up and down
the car turns.
the man holds the jug up to his mouth.
the camera pans to the left
a piece of paper is holed up to camera and then put down
camera pans in on red roof top
person begins drawing the letter c on a paper
a car drives by
a sushi buffet with with small crabs
a large object from the crane hits the ground
two kids kick their feet
the first ski lift seen exits the camera view
man in black puts both hands up
a group of people watching the water.
a man in a white shirt grabs the object on the table.
two rafts enter white water rapids
mother puts the baby down
guy in green hat leaves camera's view then returns
close up of baby.
flipping for trampolines.
a persons reflect on the windows of the plane.
the big cat paws at the kittens head.
the camera zooms in on the boat.
a man in a black and orange jumpsuit kicks his leg in the air.
a body of water can be seen.
and adult in white and black retrieves the ball and throws it.
all performers throw their flags in the air
cats turns its head from camera to the second cat
dog rolls over and falls off couch
two opponents kneel
camera begins to move off moutain
camera pan in on black and white cat
a dog has a sock in its mouth.
the light goes out in the house.
the person flattens the dough.
beam comes into veiw
person in black quickly get out of veiw
camera shows the whole sky.
a robot spins its head in complete circles.
the fish have finished eating the food.
a child in a pink shirt is playing an instrument
the person on the right walks toward the other person on the left.
the camera moves right and the top of the tree cannot be seen in the frame anymore.
a light blinks on the plane.
the person holding the camera walks by a fence
the person holding the camera looks in the bathroom
the camera turns toward the park bench
a person riding a bike and wearing a yellow backpack passes the camera
a woman with a light purple umbrella passes to the left
a shadow flashes briefly in the lower left corner of the frame
the boat emerges from under the bridge
a man in a red shirt with yellow stripes walks toward the camera and exits the frame
a man in a white shirt, black pants, wearing a bag runs by the crowd.
the sun shines through the lighthouse windows.
model feriswheel is visible as camera pans left. then ferriswheel exits frame right
the camera pans to the left leaving nothing but beach and water.
the camera zooms in
a black car passes just before the words 'bus stop' can be seen on the road
the camera zooms out on the rainy window.
a picture of a single man appears.
a green tent is being moved around.
a girl in a red sweatshirt shows up with her arms crossed.
the baby on the right smiles wide.
the camera shows the sky.
a man hits snow off of his hat.
a motorcylce just passed a turn in the road.
some people walk in front of the artist.
a person skates backwards and the ref has his arms out.
an item flies into the air.
a person is clapping and pointing at the camera.
the camera moves right and shows a building.
people biking on a moving cart are stopped in a road.
a camera zooms in on kids turning on a toy.
the woman touches the dog with her finger
camera pans to audience then back to the band
we pass some rocks. they looks like bumps in the sand
a girl with red hair points to her presentation
break in the railings to the left
line starts moving back and forth
camera zooms in on duck in water
the camera is aimed out the window
the camera fades in
the person speaking lifts their arm.
a person on a bike turns onto the road.
a shadow is seen from the camera.
woman on a rock first appears.
a person in a white shirt stands with hands on their hips.
the cat is being pet
man walks out of camera view
man completes his first swing
a woman is shown clapping her hands.
the camera fixates on one big ball with a tree in front, and one small ball to the right.
a persons arm is shown with a green arm band at the left in frame
a black pig turns its back to the camera
performer in red shirt walks behind performer in blue shirt
woman shakes her scarf out
car passes a red and white van
a woman bends down
the person opens the door.
the man begins to bend over and stands back up.
the camera zooms in and out on the girls face.
the man in gray touches the man in black's head
a child faces the camera and smiles.
a black line is shown in the camera frame while showing mountains int he background.
a plane drives on a runway from the right to the left.
a bird falls off the bag
camera zooms in to mountains
the second boy gets up and walks away.
the plane flies close to the camera from the left and turns.
only the child wearing yellow can be seen.
turkey leaves right side of frame
baby turns its head to its right
two people are walking along the right side of the frame.
a person makes one hole with their finger.
the snake opens its mouth widely.
the dog is watching people go by.
gray shirt cares not for your meeting.
timmy reverses through time.
the stage lights turn blue.
a lady sings while holding a guitar without playing it
eyes roll up twice.
red bulls sign begins to appear.
a man in an orange apron walks past
the girl puts her hands up and spins around
person wearing red runs onto baseball feild.
a child touches a bench.
a person plays with a toy in front of a cat's face.
a person sings in to a pretend microphone.
a camera moves from right to left on top of an image.
a woman puts down her hand.
the person filming walks closer and closer to the fire display.
the lady in a purple shirt dusts her hands up and down.
the cat goes under the bed.
the top of the arch is shown.
the bunny picks up the yellow truck in its mouth.
a little girl in a red skirt falls down after walking a short distance.
a hand picks up a toy and plays with the cat.
a woman is dancing and laughing around a kitchen.
a blueish-green area is briefly shown.
a grey car with wood strapped to the roof is passed.
girl in blue adjusts her hair
the man hits the drum cymbals two times.
the fish moves toward the bubbling filter.
two bright camera flashes back to back.
a white puppy digs around in a blanket
little girl sits back in chair and yarns.
person wearing blue shirt in background stop bending over table
man with red messenger bags sits on bike
dog shakes head
lights go from blue to pink
person grabs baby's pacifier.
the baby is looking away from the camera.
a person walks in between the performer and the camera.
you can see the red sweatshirt on the individual in the lower right hand corner of the frame.
a person pushes a vinyl record in front of another vinyl record.
the man in blue shakes hands with a man on stage.
the person begins to crawl up the hill.
three people walk in front of the camera.
the camera turns to face the sun.
a bus is partially blocking the view of the racetrack
a man touches the babies mouth
a foot is shown
the hand raises up
a metal fence is on either side of the road.
only one duck is in the frame.
waiter walks by.
blue section of the trains appears in the segment.
the claw come toward the camera and picks something up
the person blows the candles out.
the small hand points at something.
a tree is shown in the corner of the camera lens.
he made an ass of himself in public.
a can of soda is shown in a refrigerator.
a man in a white shirt attaches a black strap to the back of a man in a straight jacket.
one member of the group runs far away and then returns.
the camera quickly zooms in.
the lights are flashing green and yellow.
blue fireworks go off.
the camera zooms in the mans face.
we make a right hand turn
man holds a bottle up
boy waves at camera
man walks past in blue shirt
a person's hand points at the ground.
the man raises his hand while speaking.
cannon fires
bird flies without clouds for first half of frame
child looks forward while making swimming motions with arms before turning head to her left
white car passes on the right.
water jets lose pressure and recede into the fountain.
a purple light shows up
camera pans down to woman in blue
man kisses bride
concert lights change color to rouse crowd.
a black and white dog jumps onto a table and then jumps off.
a motorcycle rides past a two people standing.
a man stands up
a person presses a side button on the cell phone.
pink car almost hits camera
the camera zooms in on two people sitting.
two boys on tricycle turn and circle around flower bed and then return the direction they came from
camera shows blue light and pans left, one frame
kangaroos box, and then sit down, one facing away from the other
the boy in red pants jumps up and down.
the saxophone players puts the microphone down.
the woman in a dress plays with her hair.
a car passes a silver car carrying lumber on top of it.
the first model walks back from the front of the runway.
the frame has the most clouds moving in the sky.
the stuff in the sink starts to wash down the drain
a pianist moves like elvis
a young buy in red plays the drums
the camera pans to the red meat.
you can clearly read a sign that says 'the gossip'
a baby rubs his face.
the horse is not moving.
baby starts clapping
camera zooms in
a woman on stage in a red dress dancing.
camera moves to the right to watch the band play.
a seal swims from the right and lifts its head out of the water and dives back in.
camera shakes and pans. a round sign can be seen as a person wearing a pink top enters the frame
a train passes by from left to right in the foreground.
the water leaves the frame.
the speaker points the screen.
the child under the blanket kicks a piece of paper.
camera pans to black car parked on the street
director swings stick back and forth.
child begins moving moving leg out of aisle
woman wearing white coat turns head to observe man at statue.
three fingers appear in the bottom of frame.
blurry beginning turns to people walking in a prison
camera pans down to man in vest
cat lifts its head
cat jumps down from chair
fireworks start to go off in the sky.
the guitar player in the middle holds her left arm up.
a person wearing red is walking in the background.
the camera passes by a small blue roof, then a large house with a red rough, then a another blue roof.
the cat moves away from the person petting him, person stops petting him.
the man put his hand over his ear.
two people walk by, one in grey a shirt and one in a blue shirt.
the baby bites his crib
the dog licks his nose
camera pans over to a poster on a wall
trees come into view
something covers the babies face
cat walks out of camera view
the girl puts the object she is holding on the table.
a person moves behind the netting.
the camera zooms in on the speaker on the large screen.
camera goes past a woman in a burka
toddler runs from water
the camera moves off the sky.
the person in green walks around the man in blue.
some of the kids stand up and wave their hand.
camera pans to brick building
camera zooms way in
lighting changes in an event.
trees falling over.
a person is sipping a drink and walking by.
a bird flaps it's wings.
the crosswalk is in plain view
the dog turns his head to the left
the lights turn pink
a shadow enters the bottom right of the frame.
the camera faces the dog head-on.
a person in a red shirt is seen sitting on a rock.
the person in the white hat starts to shake while holding a baby.
a person in front waves their hand.
the car crosses a blue building.
two people can be seen on the runway at the same time, and they cross paths.
large white clouds fill the blue sky.
the woman in white puts her hands on her head.
the camera pans to the blue sky.
the camera shows a moving windmill.
the cat yawns.
the woman walks toward the camera and turns.
the walk light speeds up and turns red.
the camera zooms in on the cherry blossom tree.
camera turns from the monitor and looks inside of the computer case.
the person gently moves their feet together.
a man is holding up two fingers over food.
the camera goes off the stage to a person watching.
the fish disappear from the spot of the feeding.
the baby chews on an object
camera pans up to show a balloon
a pink vehicle slides backwards into the wall in front of the camera.
a baby stretches its arms directly in front of him.
the camera zooms into an area
the duck flies away
the girl lifts up the book
the large banner two people are carrying, goes off camera
a red bottle falls of a spinning object.
a woman in a red dress moves both arms up and down.
a man looks to the right, and then back at the stage.
a large, blue object is shown in the crowd on the right hand side.
the turtle backs away and turns toward the water.
the head of man comes into view.
two people walk past the camera's view.
the one person on the roof walks up to the other
woman on stage putting both hands above her head.
a baby wipes its eye.
a horse walks to the right.
claws close on truck.
a man in a yellow shirt enters the frame and then leaves towards the right.
the camera moves to a man in gray.
blue firework touches the top of the screen
camera zooms in on man
a baby does not jump up and down in the woman's arms.
the flamingo in the center lays down in the water
the boy with the long hair and the guitar jumps in the air
man in white holding something blue walks in front of camera
kids pass under the bridge
two people walk past the camera
driving the prototype onto the platform.
red shoe clad foot moves out of dogs way
man gestures with right hand
the person moves to the side and walks away.
the person swings, his right leg comes forward.
the man spins the woman as they dance.
camera show the whole band performing.
person put other hand on camera
person wearing dog costume makes hand gestures.
person in blue uniform skates by.
a man and woman wearing blue appear as the camera moves to the left.
camera moves to the left over the water.
a person is chasing another person.
a light turns off in the window of the building.
the camera moves toward the silver or white pipe.
the man picks up the dough he was already kneeding.
everyone bows
man in white shirt with dreadlocks walks out of camera view
only papers are seen
a man steps back into the shadows
cat meows for the camera
person runs down the road.
girls start to hula hoop
the camera moves to the right away from the stage and onto the crowd.
the snake disappears into the grass.
the camera pans to a woman with a camera.
man sets boot on floor
man enters from left, stands in front of stage then exits to the left
camera pans to the right, then back to the left
pink show appears in frame
some kind of stick touches the square only, not the spinning circle
a man takes a step forward towards the table
the bridge and building leave the frame and are no longer in sight.
a guitar neck enters the frame from the right.
cameraman goes for a birds eye shot.
inside a vehicle, the camera pans over from a store front to a little girl in purple, who looks up, smiles, then looks away uncertainly.
the unicyclist in red carefully places and balances several metal bowls on her right foot.
the machine starts to write.
the man begins to hit the right drum quickly.
a gold fish goes out of view.
a white bus drives by in the background.
two nearly naked adults standing around in public
camera pans to grass
a traffic signal for a crosswalk turns red
a black cat walks from the garden to the pavement
a man with grey hair in a suit walks by the man that is speaking.
a man with a necklace is looking down at the camera.
one baby yawns.
the animal goes back under water.
a person with glasses is looking at the water.
two people walk by the large monument.
a ball of light rotates in an art display.
camera reveals a person in red
the woman grabs the boys leg.
the birds cross path from opposite directions.
woman in pink top scratches her head with right hand
three otters can be seen
the person picks up the balloon.
blowing your nose in your hand.
woman holds up a sign
camera zooms in on cat
woman on right is taking a picture
camera pans down past the blue screen
a slide comes into view
baby puts hand to mouth
words appear in the top right corner
the driver passes a van on the left side of the road.
the camera pans to the left of the waterfall and a rainbow appears.
a second bird appears and flies onto the string.
the man kisses the baby's face the first time.
woman touches blue trashcan
the two men on stage high five
the camera moves to the left over the water.
the small child kicks the ball into the goal.
the red and white sign is seen on the white cart
the sun shines down on the ocean.
a pig wags its tail.
a man in a red shirt leaves the frame to the right.
the baby picks up and eats the bean
the woman in the white shirt appears for the first time
the woman in the pink dress spins as she dances
kid looks at camera and sticks something in his mouth
a foot reaches into the frame
a woman singing waves her arms behind her.
the camera zooms in on the object.
camera zooms in and buildings give way to hills and water
a man in the center of the stage hops. lifting his left leg.
a man in white walks from out of screen to sit at the front of the group
the camera shakes violently
the camera zooms in on yellow light fixture
camera zooms in
a crowd of people are shown standing outside.
bright beams of light flash across a lake.
woman shakes breasts, facing front to camera
the camera moves in on the kid in yellow.
a man throws something at the people.
baby claps.
man pushes kids around.
a woman picks up a card, opens it, looks at it, and closes it.
the camera view zooms in on a building.
a yellow puppet and a black puppet appear around a baby in a crib.
a woman holding a child and a second child come out the bottom of a slide.
the cat walks near the chickens.
camera passes small blue roofed building
camera pans across pair of people, one with red shirt
person throws yellow flag high into the air
both cats stare straight ahead without moving
the stage light changes from light purple to bright pink
dog rolls over twice on green blanket
person takes a sheet from under a baby
baby stops looks at camera
a silver car drives by
the dog walks away.
crabs on plates.
the crane turns the object it is lowering.
woman has both hands over the mic.
woman walking her dog is seen.
second person in red shirt appears
team of boys raise hands in air
only sand is shown then moves to ocean
man's head moves out of view behind wall
the stage flashes white.
camera pans down and zooms in
duck turns around
kid lets go of book
man in white shirt and hat walks past
a red raft gets stuck in moving water.
men dressed in black and white walk through a crowd.
a duck is shown on a sidewalk.
the camera zooms in and back out again.
the person finishes writing.
the camera zooms in on the front of a building.
a person carrying a red stick walks across the frame to the right.
a baby looks to the right at a black puppet.
the camera follows people down a slide and shows them exiting the slide.
dog starts nipping at owner
duck ducks head under water the first time
the dog stops and begins sniffing
woman in blue walks past
camera pans down to darkness
snail eats worm disappears from screen
flashing orange light is briefly seen on left of frame
lamp post enters frame from right, exits frame left
man with black and yellow backpack passes on right and is visible for a long time in the distance
the guitarist on the left turns his guitar vertically and put it in up in the air.
the boy moves both his feet to the second step of the ladder
a white and tan hamster falls on it's back.
the girl turns to the left side of the frame to talk to someone.
four birds dive into the water
woman walks across as girl starts to jump on trampoline
girl with red hair presents something to other girls face
camera starts to pan left across harbor
a man skates down a ramp and falls over the edge.
a person's hand is seen in the frame.
the camera zooms in to a pink lit stage
zooming in a girl in a white dress, blowing out candles on her birthday cake.
passing the first sign
a car makes a left hand turn
a dog enters the shop
a man skis into a pool
person helps dog retrieve bottle from between bicycles.
camera moves to woman wearing a yellow dress dancing
little girl blowing bubbles
a man in glasses is revealed
the child crawls across the floor and puts a decoration on the tree
pans past rocks in the foreground
a large explosion happens in the middle of the water
a canon fires from the small shed.
a little girl in a black and pink jacket puts money in the bowl on the ground.
the camera moves away from the woman in red.
a woman waves to the camera.
the dog stops chewing its toy briefly for the first time.
a circular blue thing is visible in the distance
man in a brown t-shirt looks at a robot from behind as a man in a denim jacket with a black backpack enters the frame
camera zooms in on the bird.
camera moves upward.
a child is pointing with his right hand.
the whole band is seen on screen
man looks to his right.
woman with a white top is seen on the screen.
woman in white dress enters into the scene.
couple is dancing side by side.
the people waiting in line are shown
camera pans to the left
vehicle exits the tunnel
the man in the yellow skirt steps down, picks something up, and steps back up.
a person with blue nail polish pinches the stomach.
a black car crosses the screen from right to left.
the camera zooms in on the two men.
the camera moves toward inside the boat.
a person walks onto the view.
camera passes by ride operator
man in wheelchair smiles and claps
camera pans to numbers 1999 on a screen.
the red bottle falls off the spinning platform, and the man goes to retrieve it and starts again.
the singer/performer wearing a red dress raises her arms and then lowers them.
camera zooms in on birthday cake
man in pink moves his hand from his knee to his chin
a person points at the table
a man touches a woman's back while laughing.
person wearing light green shirt and putting on backpack quickly bends over to pick something up in bottom right corner of frame and stands up again just as camera pans to the left.
screen comes on, on stage.
person wearing hooded shirt is seen for first time
child waves to camera
tree topper first becomes visible
the man with sunglasses is laughing and smiling
the small child picks up an ornament
a blue object appears below
camera zooms in on the cat.
r2d2 leaves the frame
only four fish left in frame
girl in pink shows up
a child in a red shirt jumps off the stage and then gets back on.
a man with a backpack walks in front of two men speaking.
the camera zooms in on the singer with the red top and black skirt.
a woman with an orange shirt comes into view as the camera moves to the left.
the camera moves to the sleeping child in the back.
group of people are jumping up and down.
the toddler uses the hammer
person runs by the camera
man on dirt bike rides in front of people.
object hovering in sky.
the candles on a cake are extinguished.
blue balls.
a person can be seen walking quickly past the camera from left to right at the bottom of the frame.
an old tire can be seen.
a group of people can be seen carrying a large, lighted object.
boy kneels and kisses the floor three times
man with saxophone turns his back to camera
red truck drives by followed by red car
a person wearing a backpack walks in front of the camera.
a camera pans to landscape style.
a man in a blue suit pours himself a drink.
the kid smiles at the camera.
the fish begin to enter the frame, swimming with the person.
no light appears in this frame(s).
a gentleman in a white shirt, tan shorts, and a white hat starts walking around.
the man in the green sweater looks to his left
someone wearing a blue top enters
the camera zooms in on the screen
a baby picks up a toy and brushes it against its mouth.
the frames show a person dancing on squares in the background.
the man on the left throws the red bowling ball down the lane.
the camera pans and moves up the side of the cliff.
the sails or propellers of a windmill turn left in the distance.
a lady in a red shirt walking her daughter along the fenced sidwalk
a black kitten hiding in the bathtub curtains
a man is waving a golden lantern around in a circular motion.
a person is having alcohol applied to their stomach prior to an injection.
man in blue talks to costumed person.
a person shakes the tip of their right foot on a wooden floor.
a child touches a blue children's cup.
camera zooms in slightly
baby puts its arms down for first time
sun sets quickly behind the lighthouse
man shows the viewer his abacus.
a roaring fire.
camera goes to the left and shows a woman
cat goes under the bed
object on the trail moves
rabbit plays with toy car
little girl lifts her skirt.
camera turns right then back to center
dog tilts head away from camera while chewing on something
camera pans up from ground to show a cat close in the frame
robot enters frame from the left
man in dark clothes begins swinging his arms
a performer bows
the orange lights are out of frame
the rectangle moves to the top right
a tall structure with a white bottom is shown passing through the frame from right to left
camera shakes quickly upwards and shows light on ceiling
a hand pets the cat
the dog is rolling in the floor
person crosses then uncrosses feet
bar passes very close to camera and out of frame
the speaker gestures toward the screen
a man in white shorts walk behind the group
three teenagers enter the frame in front of the mountains.
the person draws a line that turns red.
a woman fixes her hair.
two women raise their hands up in the air.
a man wearing a striped blanket over his backpack runs behind two other men.
a man presses a button.
we pass a train set
man picks head up from table
the green lights raise up
the fish leave
a man is standing next to a yellow sign.
people are sitting in a church.
a husband and bride are kissing each other.
house leaves the frame
rare sighting of the elusive gray-shirt.
the camera zooms in.
first instance of little girl falling down while pushing a shopping trolly
a person's hand appears in the view
the big cats hits the the kitten with it's paw.
the man uses a lot of hand gestures.
screen changes from a woman talking at a podium to a blue screen with a car
woman picks up a cello and begins playing
camera pans right and shows a man in a helmet
a woman with a red purse turns and leaves
train ceiling, then a head is briefly visible in bottom right corner of frame
the lights come on to reveal people on a stage.
the dog rolls on the ground.
a man with sunglasses put his fingers through his long hair.
fade out to skyline
man on right raises hand in air
the camera shows a refreshment stand
camera pans to the right
theatre troupe preforming a play.
two girls walk past
the man throws something into the air
the man in blue wipes his lips
the baby stops laughing briefly.
the sun shining on the water is in view.
a car with it's headlights on drives by.
the camera is zoomed in on the man with the plaid shirt and he pulls his head back.
man on stage in red shirt and vest kneels down then stands back up
camera moves left away from the lamp.
the woman goes to touch the horse and it turns.
man on the left hand side scratches his head
kid in blue passes in front of camera
video begins on a man then immediately drops to the floor
baby lifts chew toy
a group of squares appear on screen
an orangutan starts climbing a rope.
a woman starts talking, holding up a bowl.
a man with a surfboard runs out of the water.
the man filming closes then opens the glass door.
camera pans right and up
woman sets hand with microphone onto platform
man puts something on shelf
a christmas tree appears
boy sits up from couch
camera zooms out
camera cuts to treetop
no, we dont need your help, just stand there and be useless.
i am tired of you now.
two white trucks are driving on the other side of the road.
the woman in red is riding and smiling.
camera pans left to taxis
a second light in blue appears above the first
camera pans left to reveal man in brown
we pass under the first glowing light
boy and dad stop on the sled.
three people run to get in place for a picture
a man in a black baseball cap walks into the frame from the left.
the woman raises her hand and shakes it back and forth.
title screen fades out
camera cuts to boy with stick in face
title screen fades out
the children disappear behind the bush then reappear.
bright blue lights are visible.
the singer makes a chopping motion with her right arm.
the girl and a dog are playing in the water, another girl and dog come into the picture.
the kids raise their hands and then disperse.
camera zooms in on sand only.
the man moves the tool slowly on the floor.
a black tent shakes around violently.
a young girl waves.
the camera zooms in on the japanese temple
a camera light flashes from the background
red car drives by
rock at bottom of screen moves out of screen and then back into it
a cat grabs a moving toy with his paws.
a woman in white pants stands on the right side of the frame.
a man touches a laptop to make the screen completely white.
a camera flash goes off.
camera pans right past the island in the distance
cat comes out of hiding
fish swims off the top of the screen
a person runs pass
snake shakes head then opens mouth.
man with a bandana on
man in black vest uncrosses his arms
girl has picture taken with characters then leaves frame
the food on the right goes down the drain.
the camera looks out the window.
a woman with a white shirt and red purse passes by with the crowd.
the man waves his left arm.
the person walks through the doorway.
a person is working in the field.
flamingo in the middle flaps his wings
kid with the guitar jumps
camera zooms in
bus moves through the frame
man holding a small dog enters
skier jumps and lands in pool
woman walks in front of the camera
camera follow man in striped shirt
the camera moves from some trees to the sky and a small star comes into view.
a woman holds a boy's leg.
a man in a bike rides down a road.
a yellow and red sign comes into view on the left side
a bird dives into the ocean
the little kid picks up the item.
the baby hits the orange toy.
the camera pans to a man in a hat.
the person with the microphone moves to the podium.
a second cat climbs up next to the other sleeping cat.
text appears on the left bottom of the frame.
man brushes the hair from his forehead
the man smiles and talks to the camera.
the camera pans to the left to show people on the dance floor
large bright lights move quickly across the middle of the frame.
a person draws a green line at the bottom of a computer screen.
a woman touches her hair, first putting it up and then letting it down.
a white car pulls up on the floor
a mother picks up her baby on the beach
blue hand enters, then exits.
transition from train dining car to sunset at the beach
boy looks to his left briefly
camera pans to right briefly and man jamming on bass guitar can be seen bopping to the music
camera is still, then starts moving to the left
only red fireworks are shown at left and right of shot
the dancer waves her arms and claps over her head.
the camera moves down and a black and white poster of a man appears.
the man in black waves his hands.
duck dunks head underwater
dog sniff brick
bird flaps
the camera moves to the right onto the road.
someone is shown walking wearing a red shirt at the top of frame
the little girl touched the back of her head and smiled.
the little girl blows bubbles and looks at the person with the camera.
person in silver suit moves on a stage
camera turns to food in black bowl
the girls on stage puts her feet on a rung of the stool
a tree comes into view as the camera pans to the left.
the man in blue is talking to somone.
the camera moves to the left.
the man starts to juggle.
person picks something up in background
porch comes fully into view
man picks up and finishes putting on backpack
a man is standing on stage speaking in to a microphone with both hands.
the camera zooms out from the stage.
the girl blows out the candles.
a hand reaches in on the fish.
entire deck comes into view
person picks up backpack and puts it on his or her back
the woman is looking back and turns forward.
the girl runs out of the circle.
the camera pans into the sun.
the camera lowers to the dashboard.
the baby hits the object with her left arm.
a man in black stands on one foot.
the video pans over the crowd.
the rear of the toy plane is shown
fireworks go off above a scoreboard
camera zooms in
man takes hammer from child
a man in white walks into the crowd
a man is sitting with a white helmet.
a woman in pink walks near the camera.
camera turns toward the building.
the baby in the middle claps and turns to look behind her.
a hand lets go of a small animal.
the dog rolls over three times on the ground
i see the back of the train as it is leaving.
the camera pans in to two guitarists playing on stage.
there is a house on the hill.
quick flash of black in lower right corner of frame
people exit the building
a red haired girl in a yellow striped tank top stops next to a blue trash bin and throws something away.
camera tilts up briefly then back down.
camera spins agresively to the left, man draws his gun, fires, and falls to the ground
flag passes very close to the camera on left of frame
the camera goes out of focus.
the person climbing reaches the top of the hill.
the man begins to ride his scooter.
the man swings onto a man with glasses.
man with black and white striped shirt walks through frame
the man picks up a piece of white paper.
the man in yellow waves his hand.
camera zooms in and lights come on
man walks past in the background
camera pans to rocks
the man with the yellow surf board runs out of the water.
hands leave the frame as the lcd screen turns black
the woman touches her neck.
best christmas tree ever.
the man in black has his hands in his face.
a person walks behind the spinning wheel.
the baby is smirking at the camera.
the girl dances next to the man.
a woman with a blue shirt and sunglasses walks into the scene.
the cat walks toward the baby.
a clownfish or yellow, white, and black fish swims around quickly.
the trolley passes by a person with a red shirt.
the cat looks up at the woman
the cat jumps back onto the chair.
camera zooms in.
only a paw comes out the side of a box
camera zooms in on the two people.
man puts hands on top of his head.
visible billboard.
man puts out hand for snake
man puts a black bird down
a tree comes on screen form the left
guy in a shirt gets his mind blown.
a chupacabra sighting.
suddenly, baby'
just the singer.
the person holding the child is shown a photo on a cell phone.
black bird flies by
person in red jacket raises arm up and around
baby chews on railing
bird blinks eye.
a child is pointing at the fish in the tank.
the cat chases the toy.
the baby stairs straight at the camera for a second.
the camera shakes around and goes dark
a man in red glasses appears
the waterfall appears
both the women on stage raise their arms together.
a third man with a stripped blanket runs down the stairs.
a woman grabs on to her shirt.
the wooden vehicle starts to move forward.
camera zooms in on the people speaking.
a band of drummers on a parade.
a man moving a bicycle wheel with his hands.
a red couch with stuff on it
man with white shirt and glasses comes into view
a hand comes into view
the boy flips over pieces of paper and sets it down to begin his speech.
the brown and white dog begins twirling around with an all white dog.
the camera shows a statue
the guy with long hair standing in the center touches his nose
a man carrying a video camera walks by
girl in green coat walks out of the picture
person in green shirt goes by
mother starts using both hands to push
crumbled bricks are shown on the ground.
a young kid in a beanie is shown.
the woman exits the frame to the left.
a person's reflection walks to the right.
a baby yawning.
a group of people at a party.
the white car leaves the frame
writing on the screen
lights turn off inside top of building
camera gets close up to child
creatures on the beach are zoomed in on
almost no people
the yellow and green signpost doesn't move much
lawnmower rolls toward the dog
two men walk out the shake the hands of two other men on stage
the dog sniffs the garbage can.
little boy runs onto the grass
the last time the woman in yellow top is seen
baby makes a fist
woman is raising arms and cheering
starts to show card trick
the first bird flies by
cat licks other cats ear
man holding microphone scratches his face
a man in a blue shirt comes to the scene to talk to another person
the cat steps away from the toy as it starts to move rapidly
a gray sculpture of a toucan like bird can be seen
the guy points towards his name tag
little boy walks away from camera and stops in front of adult with water hose
there is a flash of light like a camera flash
person to the right uses a camera flash
someone with long blonde hair can be seen in view up close
a red banner being held up
woman pulls with both hands
guy reveals the green shirt he is wearing underneath
no yellow anything
lecturer lifts his arms out to the side
grey dog spins round fist one way, then the other
first instance of child touching keyboard
cartoon ducks are visible
a group of five people walk behind the speaker
the singer lift her hands above her head and claps
the cat looks all around itself.
the little girl places both hands on top of her head.
a man puts money in the bowl
a joggers runs through the scene
a woman in a white jacket carrying something red stands and leaves
a fork in the road is shown
cat jumps into a chair and jumps quickly back out
the orange car travels down a long straight before going right around a curve
the dog looks towards the camera, then looks away.
the window to the left of the man is shown.
a wave crashes onto a tropical beach.
a person walks over from the left to meet someone else
camera moves closer to cat and then it licks it's paw
camera zooms in on clock
a view on a roller coaster preparing to go down.
we see a photographer taking a photo
the kids puts his legs through the wires
woman in back bends down
the first climer is out of view now
there is a person in the water with the turtle
person painting is squatted down
the dog drags the toy
there is a tall rock formation on the left side of the frame
a guy carrying a camera walks in front of the frame
the bird stretches his neck up
the kneeling man sets down a jar with a black lid to his right
the first flames are seen
white bucket with blue tool inside appears
people taking pictures on a mountain.
a hand touches the door
a bright flash
trash is blowing by
you can see a gate
flashing red light
zooms in on stage
there are a lot of people in this picture
first trees that are close to the camera
second cat comes walking through
woman opening a closet door.
the woman with the cake enters the frame
a woman with a blue jacket, yellow bag, and blond hair passes in front of us
the tree disappears
the camera moves closer to the aquarium
the camera pans to the right and up showing stadium seating
the white lights blink to music
camera pans to black boat
four trees com into view
person enters from doorway on right of frame
chef throws chunk of meat on table
there's a man wearing blue outside my window.
woman sipping tea out of white tea cup comes into frame
the table leaves the frame
the pop down window in the google search bar is shown
the lead member of the band harnesses fire in his hands at a concert.
person with hat walks in front of stage and then leaves
the first car to drive by
animal pops out of hole for last time
car with red rims and frame turns right and heads away from camera
animals climb to top of hill
woman in green sweater enters the frame on the left.
soccer players run to the left, and then to the right.
a dog lays down in the grass.
camera moves to writing
blue object attached to ledge
man gets out of seat wearing a black shirt
man in blue shirt bends over
the birthday boy blows out the candles.
a boombox on a table
green light on the device
camera zooms in on choir of children
an asian child in pink dips a sharpie into a bowl and tastes it.
the actor is portraying a character who is so frustrated with the woman that he lays his hands on her.
one man scares another by jumping out at him
a dragon goes by in a parade.
a ball rolling down a contraption.
the women in black dresses moven in front of the little girl for the first time
the side of a bus comes into view
we pass under a green traffic signal
a white hat goes by
mother and child are moving away
only left side view
there is something tall in the distance
boy on wearing an orange shirt and helmet is seen passing in foreground
the video screen in a car is shown
kitten is still at first
bird flies away
person behind guitar player walks away
ref come into view
person in long sleeve dark shirt walks by from left to right
cat turns around to chase laser
dog turns away from camera
yellow object can be seen in background.
people wearing blue outfits can be seen in the background
yellow tea cup ride with red lines comes into picture behind lady.
person sit down next to bald head man
the camera stops on a brown floor.
little girl reaches up to her neck
girl sinks under table
kid in white shirt is moving all around on persons shoulders
a structure disappears from right of frame
groups of people walking past each other.
man in white shirt looks to his left
person in red hat and holding a sign appears
something crosses in front of picture
camera zooms in and then zooms out of a vineyard.
camera zooms in to a water show.
a man holding a frame containing black and white pictures.
top of bald mans head
boy grabs two fist fulls of sand
person on a workout bike
one engine sputters smoke
orange pole can be seen
mail order monsters sign
the silhouette of someone walking from right to left in the foreground
a person wearing white walks from right to left in front of stage
a road appears leading away from camera
a second cat enters the door walking toward camera
a white sock clad foot moves quickly out of the frame
the little boy turns to face the camera briefly
no people are visible
a person walks up and throw change into the pot
a black gazebo can be seen across the water
a woman wearing a white shirt can be seen with her back to the camera
a highway for cars can be seen below the train
a man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing with his arms crossed.
the woman tucks her hair behind her ear.
a person dressed in a pink bunny suit jumps around.
we pass a van
first instance of cat jumping out of chair
no fireworks at all
first time bird jumps into hand
ride starts moving up
woman in white shirt speaks
car passes hay truck
screen on stage shows circling portal thing
everyone is finished sliding
when the skiier first appears
white sign comes into view
little boy picks up his ball
the lights on the stage floor start moving
rock on bottom is closer
nobody waving their arms
man in wheelchair spins around
person places both hands on tire
first climber reaches the top
birds on water, none flap wings
child smiles at camera, then rapidly taps keyboard.
camera pans towards donald duck family.
man on left side drinks from cup.
person in front of drummer claps hands above their head.
hand opens booklet
green led light appears
kids reach up to grab over their heads
camera pans from right to left of the pier
man moves head from left to right then out of the camera's view
camera pans to the left to show a man wearing black
the camera operator is still
someone minimizes a computer window and moves it to the left
the back of a large road sign can be seen passing to the right
the tops of chairs can be seen on a porch
camera zooms in on cat
two men are waving in the camera
a man in a green shirt makes their way through the crowd
a boy smiling while using a computer.
the women on the left releases her bow.
a man in blue jeans and black rubber boots bends down to spread pavement inside of a wooden frame on the ground on a sunny day.
a round object bounces up and down in a beautiful blue lake at sunset under a light blue sky.
the two people bend over at the same time.
four circles are visible before glare from a light in the background can be seen.
two women inspecting old records.
the man throws up his hands
there aren't any buildings in the frame
child waves fingers
the bend in the puppy's paw is briefly seen, as is some of the paw itself.
the bright lights on the top of tower in the distance quickly dim.
the woman has her hand under the toddler's butt and then raises it and touches the back of the couch with her finger pointed.
from the sad scene on the beach, the sea-grass can suddenly be seen in the foreground as can the rocks in the water in the upper right hand corner.
dog jumps into the water.
someone is holding a red, black, yellow, and white flag.
camera pans towards lady wearing pink.
man in white shirt walks towards camera.
a little girl shaking her head.
the shoreline is no longer visible
the top of someones head first comes into view in the top of the frame
she's wearing fishnet stockings
the girl looks at the camera and waves
camera moves from the pilot's head to the land below
the girl stops picking that thing on the table and starts slapping the table
the camera turns to look over the fence where a person in red is standing
woman in grey top walks through
boy drops his thing
tall man walks through back of frame
camera moves to the left
person walks in front of lady
girl waves at camera
pilot is not in the picture from the plane
little child nodding yes
motorcycle passes by crowd on the right side.
a woman singing.
a toy ballerina spinning.
camera zoome out from a bunch of green plants
person walks by from right of screen
lightning flashes in the distance
the wheels turn away from the hands
a house on the shore comes into view from the left
little girl touches her neck.
girl raises one arm in the air.
the camera zooms in slightly.
we pass under a green sign
an arm is briefly visible
the words maligayang pasko can be seen
the girl watching the experiment puts her hand on her chin
man in red shirt raises what looks like a knife with the tip pointed towards the ceiling
the camera shows a man eating on the right side of the frame
blue shirt bending over on the right side.
turn and see an umbrella.
an old fort by the water.
from christmas tree to roaring fire in fireplace.
hand and arm move up and down nearly blocking performers on stage.
bird moves around in almost a complete circle.
the bus is moving forward
the red lit area is not shown at all
a hand is shown opening a music box
factory workers put blue crates on the conveyor belt.
a young boy thinks of his birthday wish and then blows the candles on the cake.
a person wearing an orange backpack can be seen climbing the embankment
there is a diver in the water at the bottom of the frame
a person walks towards the wall while the light in the camera fades
the puppy turns his toy 180 degrees counter clockwise
heavy man in blue with grey beanie looks at camera while it pans passed him
the brown animal shakes violently.
the singer raises one arm in the air.
a school of fish approaching two divers.
a big pink stuffed animal
person in red shirt walks away
person falls down
person begins typing
girls turn backward and hold their skirts out
boy is on the ground
a guy wearing a light blue jacket and carrying camera walks down the steps
a train engine at the front of the train is shown
the plane spirals downward toward the ground
a person in a brown shirt enters the frame.
a man holds string in his mouth.
a person dressed in black wearing a hat exits the frame to the left.
the lights on stage dim, especially the bright blue light in the upper corner.
a man wearing a capped is tying something behind his head.
a man with glasses raises his hand and waves
the percussion section of a band in a parade goes by.
a guy rides up on his bike in front of a grand building
a man in black interjects on a couple dancing
the baby rejects the food given to him and begins to fuss.
a coca-cola truck moves backward through the frame
an animal crosses in front of the person
a woman in orange enters the frame
the bird falls in the hole in the ground
cat looks up at person
girl bends down
a little boy looking back and forth.
a man points at super mario's hat.
a man spins extremely fast on rollerskates.
a man is shown banging sticks on a big television screen.
a man making hand signs under water.
a young boy turns his head to the side.
male jumping on 3 platforms in a row with his skateboard.
frames showing large pipe opening
boy holding picture frame with 6 pictures on it
the blue blocks backed the red blocks up
camera zooms from left to right
the man in white shirt talking on cell phone leaves the frame
we move past a signpost
a head partially obstructs the view briefly
a man touches his finger to his forehead.
historical painting of a man
red, blue, red, flash, flash
bright spot in tropical setting disappears as rocks on shore come in view.
red light can be seen in upper left hand corner.
man claps hands together once
lights fade and there is a tiny camera flash at the top right of screen
baby nods asleep then jolts awake suddenly, while his hand falls from his mouth.
gymnasts thrust their hips off the floor then slides their hands underneath their backs simultaneously.
a large red truck driving by.
a person drinking out of a shoe.
a man in a red coat gestures and points at a white game board on the ground outside, and a man with blue fabric in his hands does the same on the other side of the board while surrounded by a group of observers.
yellow crumb appears in frame
frames that man in pink hat appears in
black dog jukes out yellow dog
the machine moves forward
the dog licks the kitten's paw
the man exits the frame
the very end of the train
man with backpack touches his face
the big mask lifts off the floor.
three girls wave at the camera
a man slides down the slip n' slide and comes to a halt.
hands come into view
the break dancer spins on his head
1 rhinoceros walks in front of other rhinoceros
reflection on water comes into view
there is a person in the picture
house on the other side of brick wall
lady in blue shirt hands girls in yellow shirt something with her right hand
woman moves leg twice while playing guitar
the half-rainbow passes across the screen
the second boy on a bicycle enter the screen for the first time
camera walks toward computer screen showing 'update 86'
camera is focused only on the trombone player and then quickly spins to the left
girl in pink dress quickly runs forward and the backward to her seat
a piece of equipment starts up with 'h2' displayed on screen
a man points his fingers towards the sky and looks up.
a man in a plaid shirt points to the right.
the bird opens and closes its beak near the person's fingers.
the lock doors open, the boat passes through the gate, and the doors close again.
the screen behind the crowd flashes 'goal' while the man with the blue and white scarf holds up two fingers.
the dog ignores a yellow and blue frisbee dropped on the bottom of the screen and is instead occupied by the soccer ball.
map comes up
big white fish backs out of picture
camera pans to another building
person in audience starts clapping
mother looks away
start passing load of hay
wheels lift off ground
person singing raise his arms
camera pans up the waterfall
blue light dims for the first time
a canal door opens and a boat comes through.
the camera focuses on two women for a moment.
a frisbee is thrown toward the dog in the camera's view.
a human shadow is seen during a camera flash
kids attempt to feed llamma
the character on the television attempts a basketball shot.
man on a bicycle rides through the frame
blue umbrella moves out of view
guy starts to talk into microphone
second bird lands in tree
a person in the foreground snaps arm into the air quickly.
the person on the far left of group in blue pants takes a small step with one foot.
a red light shines on a tombstone.
the quarterback fumbles and the red team scores a touchdown.
camera zooms out from dancers
people come into view
camera turns to the right
red sofa leaves frame
man in plaid shirt leaves frame
the attacking football team fails their touchdown attempt.
a train rides by
a window with curtains
two fish swim into view
child drops its pacifier in its potty
woman pulls her sleeves down
the baby stands up by itself.
a donkey walks by while in a parade.
close shot of colorful object rotating up and down.
the boy pulls away from the cup as if he's about to look out the window.
something orange moves into view.
both performers flip upside down
woman picks object up from table
woman in long multicolored skirt walks behind tree
bowl leaves the screen rapidly
a table is shown taking up the whole screen with 4 items on it
person in green shirt appears
the dog turns and leaves
the red balloon stops touching the top of the frame
the guitarist almost leaves the scene to the right
child removes the bag from the box
the woman in a white top with binnoculars around her neck leaves the scene
the geyser is shown erupting water
one cat lifts his head up and around the cat on top
camera pans from right to left at crows of people in front of buildings
person in orange outfit walks by
an empty kitchen.
the first car pulls away
the little car passes the hill
baby stretches its legs
boat disappears
there is a person in a bright red cap
man on end puts his hands in his lap
the dog is not visible at all
a long skinny fish swims through
the man in the white shirt scratches his chest
vehicle switching from right lane to left lane
camera turns and focuses on woman with green umbrella
a new born yawns
a bottle of baby's milk is shown
the camera pans right to show a kitchen
a person walks across the green field in the background
the gerbil leaves for the first time
baby's foot can be seen
an arm clad in a blue sleeve comes into view
the car door opens
the person in the black shirt whips his hair around
someone with blond hair wearing blue jacket can be seen on right of frame
blue van comes into view
dog comes into view
camera zooms away from the object
a person sticks a piece of food in a child's mouth.
the lighting gets lighter in one frame.
the camera zooms in slightly.
the little girl on the right maximizes a white box on a smart table
the camera slowly pans to the left of the tree
a wave surges towards the camera
child gets up from the chair
the force of the incoming waves causes a small splash against the docks
the elevator reaches the bottom
person walks across the screen from left to right
camera pans left to a statue
girl in back wipes hands on backside.
man in viking helmet walks on screen from the left.
a circle of small wooden chairs.
the cat jumps back on the chair.
white trucks drive to the left.
camera zooms out to show blue curtain
a red light flashes
two people can be seen in the water
a person has not yet touched the piano
dog almost gets tire for last time and moves to the right
before the others walk onto the stage
the wave comes in on an angle
man in white shirt and glasses comes into view
a crowd gathers in front of a red-lit stage.
the dog blinks twice in quick succession
the end of the train is near the center
a dog climbing out of a pool.
the sun is at its highest
man comes into view
person in grey shirt walks up to carriage
camera shakes a bit while filming performers on stage
swans sticks head under water
a red dump truck drives through
man shakes the shoe
last child jumps toward pool
a red car drives by
person in white shirt walks toward a window
girl reaches up with her right arm
someone picks the mop up
women spreads legs and start shaking
camera pans to person wearing white sneakers
beginning of two dirt roads
person pours water on the object for the first time.
man in red shirt touches man in black shirt.
camera pans towards meat and cheese platter.
a hand knocks the broom over
the speaker fidgets with a paper in his hands
man's hands can be seen
man in sweat shirt moving his arms
people in yellow march by
the camera zooms in to show the bottom of a waterfall.
a man in a suit stands and watches two men work.
a square white plastic thing is seen as the camera pans down at the end of the frames
a person in a light blue jacket turns and then the camera flips to a different group of people
before the puppets arrive
singer leans back for the second time
the artist enlarges presentation
we pass a man in a white shirt
the camera pans to the top of the ladder
the paperwork on the table
bird flies of wood back into water
an old painting of a man behind a protective screen.
a woman putting on a wig.
cameraman comes into view
the green part of the machine leaves the bottom of the frame
no people at all
women holding children hand on sideline of parade.
ship has just passed the bridge
man in pink beret appears
first instance of man placing elbow on table
smoke emerges from plane
a white dog walks behind a brown and white dog.
man waves both hands around the first time
woman holding an umbrella
someone does flip off of swing
the fireworks dim out
bird runs into persons hand first time
the ride is still on the ground
a tiger can be seen running
a lady in a white shirt can be seen
a turtle can be seen swimming to the left underwater
the camera moves turns to show a scuba diver wear blue and black
the cable car leaves the frame
the rhino rubs his foot on the ground
the flame flickers while cameras flash for the first time
a man in a wheelchair wearing a maroon hat comes into view
someone closes the door
the big purple light comes into view
there is a horse
cat walks away
a toddler walking under someone's legs.
the woman tucks her hair behind her ears
people walk in from opening on right
slicing meat with knife
a man making a hand sign.
thing in back is green
girl shakes her head no
black prince
the man and the woman are rocking back and forth
the little boy flaps his arms then spins around
a hand is briefly seen on the table
the animal turns away
the child pounds her hand on the table
book in persons hand appears at bottom left of frame
black bird takes flight
a man in jeans walks and stops in the road, and starts walking again.
smallest amount of activity is visible
cameraman has a seizure
camera shows pink elephant
man leans against wall and slumps down to sit
a fog machine shooting smoke at an event.
a man in a blue gray shirt pokes a mario doll in the head.
a person wearing black walks down a grassy pathway.
a man raises one arm in two frames.
a woman grabs and hangs on to a rock with her left hand.
a cat lays next to a chair and plays with a broom.
mouse leaves camera frame to the left
woman in front of camera waves red light above her head
camera zooms in on blindfolded woman and man next to her
an older woman and a young boy clap.
closeup of a train moving to the right and entering a tunnel.
a man films himself in a mirror.
a man wearing a white tshirt appears in the frame
the camera zooms out to show two seals.
the camera zooms in on a large gray object.
blue fireworks are shown in the sky.
camera pans to two toys on the carpet
blue smoke flowing downwards
green bird in a tree going in circles.
a boy in blue and green swim trunks sits on a wooden porch and pushes and pulls on a wheel that is attached to a black piece of machinery.
the crates on the conveyor stop at the end
the candles are blown out
the end of the performance everyone standing still
a hand adjusts a blanket
girl drops toy on floor
a person in a green shirt scoots chair towards the desk.
stained glass fades out so that only one glass on the right is showing a person.
a white bird is seen flying over the water.
person playing instrument looks the other way
can is spinning on the road
the cat jumps down again
one white car passes through
coca cola truck is first seen
the white chicken walks to the left
a woman in an orange top walks through the frame
camera zooms in on artwork and pans to the right.
man stops writing in book.
a silver car arrives
mother is not visible
rain falling on a car.
the top of the falls can't be seen
the first time we pass an orange taxi
man in suit comes into view
a hand pointing at the office.
little black girl claps
man in blue t-shirt makes cow milking hand gestures
woman is seen for first time
stage lights change from blue to green
man runs through popping fireworks on a floor
a man in sunglasses and a white hat walks by the scene.
a swan facing away from the viewer dunks its head into the water.
photographer walks behind man wearing suit
a black ring is briefly visible in the lower right
tree blowing in wind
bald man suddenly moves halfway across scene from left to right.
a persons foot is in view
first time child sits down
people in orange life vests
camera passes gray bird statue on bench.
man points at white label on his blue hoodie.
the camera zooms in on a man singing.
a man in a white shirt stands in a dancing crowd.
a man points at art on the wall.
person with the head of dragon walks toward camera
adult takes the hose
one person looks like he is hopping around
at the end, all the heads are under the water
the ceiling of a restaurant.
man with video recorder comes into view
one more bird arrives
an animal is on the race track causing problems
the two guitarist jump facing the back of the stage and jump up and down
the camera pans to the outside of the car
numbers 9568 goes pass on yellow train
2 big cats move off camera to the left
guy in glasses holds up peace sign on his left hand another guy comes up behind him wagging his fingers on his left hand.
man in green shirt moves quickly through crowd
the cowgirl takes the stage
a single silver stool comes into view
we pass a jogger on the left
woman in a white dress claps her hands while moving back and forth.
the camera shows a woman's face.
pink shirt switches sides of the stage.
green shirt joins pink shirt
the man with microphone scratches his cheek
child in dark shirt picks up and throws blue ball in the air, then starts jumping.
a person wearing yellow pants enters the frame.
a yellow jacket briefly flutters its wings.
person wearing red shirt goes behind building
person wearing white hat with head down comes into the corner of frame.
camera pans to darker side
man in red shirt hits other man with a white towel
man holds beverage up
man takes a sip of his drink
man in white shirt pats man in grey shirt on the butt
man in white shirts holds one arm up as he exits
man runs over firecrackers
camera zooms out and pans to the right towards the stage.
a zoomed-in shot of a bird on the ground.
a man roller blades in between dots on the ground.
a woman enters the fight from the street towards the left.
the camera is pointed up to show buildings.
mom ' grandpa are in view
camera moves to the right
camera zooms in on the flower
you can the number of the train
birds jump in water
someone is pointing
camera zooms left and a man appears standing on the shore
man appears on a skateboard
a animal is crawling then turns right
camera pans from right to left in a mountain terrain area
a man in a pink shirt walks through
a second person comes in through the door
the rollercoaster tops the hill
stage lights turn blue
hand moves monitor back and forth, for the first time.
camera passes sign on right side.
camera zooms out and pans to the right.
a cat looks up at a squirrel.
boy on big screen falls down
a head is partially blocking our view
the closest the train gets to the camera
child gets to bottom of slide
when the screen is really bright
camera zooms in on large bird.
man in orange robe picks up and places a red cup.
two quick bursts of flames on the left side.
bunch of dancing men join in from behind
the first goose passes the last gosling.
the man inhales from his cigarette.
the red building with two towers appears from the left.
performer on stage walks back a few steps
lady in light blue dress walks up towards camera
man puts cigarette up to his mouth
man licks on side of lip
camera pans to white tents
worker in orange passes by a shaking tool.
a bucket with a blue object inside can be seen at the bottom of the frame
suddenly something can be seen deep inside the cavity of the raw turkey or chicken.
man in shorts sets the machete down to use both hands on the coconut.
the camera moves to the right for the first time
the stork turns away from the camera for the first time
a white house comes into the frame
the performer zooms in on the child, points and then pretends to squish his head.
cat lifts head to play with yellow toy.
man lifts laptop screen forward.
the man in the pink shirt raises his arms above his head
the four masted ship leaves the frame to the left
the words update 86
a man in a denim jacket and black beret can be seen in the crowd
a girl in a pink dress runs forward to whisper something to one of the performers
h2 becomes visible
person in black walk by really fast
a fallen log comes into view
a brown building comes into view
two women smile at us
cute kid in blue washes herself with garden hose til the mom takes it back.
the camera moves to show the center of the room
trees in the background
the boy in the red shirt picks up the ball from the floor
the dog sits
a large group of beach goers during the daytime.
the train passes the two bystanders.
a women with a pink handbag cheers on the parade of children and then walks away.
fish swims in from left of screen on top of camera view
baby stands up from pink chair
girl falls down and gets picked back up
person riding a robot and man in black jacket leaves the camera scene
camera zooms to the right
two men are playing a guitar when a dog appears in the camera
a backpacker on a bicycle rides past the band.
a stained glass backdrop changes from light grey colors to bright vibrant colors as a light behind the backdrop gets brighter.
a hand touching the snake
camera turns left to show the audience
a man stands up and exits the room.
a green poster with the words 'mail order monsters'
the camera zooms into the mountain in the distance
the musician walks to the microphone and a spotlight turns on him
there is a hand in the bottom right corner, and then it disappears
camera moves from green sign to the red sign
baby smiles for the first time
the elderly couple on the bench leave the scene
the man in the orange shirt scratches his leg
all the kids move to the left to pet the donkey.
fans begin to cap their hands together for the hockey team.
the cat pushes the tire several times with the side of its head.
the camera pans slowly to the left.
water is shown across the entire frame.
a woman in pink in the background sits up
another bird arrives
a player scoring a touchdown in a video game.
protester in red starts clapping
the wooden chest is moved
a cute chubby blonde baby sits in his blue and yellow swing and suddenly looks up and takes his hand out of his mouth.
camera zooms out to show a yellow substance in a bottle on the left
a man holding a camera can be seen in the background
the adult hands a little boy a stick
people walking in the snow.
a little boy giving a high five.
door hinge comes in and out of view on right
a red light flickers in the to right corner.
a child drops an object down to the ground.
a man walks behind the people sitting.
man with dark hair and beard talking to camera
girl with dark hair moves arms in air
man in white shirt runs away from camera on left side of frame
fans get excited at the start of a concert.
an entertainer pulls out a couple card decks in preparation of a trick.
a man on a bicycle passes a traffic light
the screens on the stadium go dark
camera shows a pink color from someone's finger tip
steam or smoke can be seen briefly
the man stands up
the conductor bends forward and to the left slightly
child touches knobs on a sink
the two animals start moving
the control tower comes into view
the man on the left claps
the girl with glasses waves her hands in excitement before descending the slide.
camera moves from the toy to the man for the first time
trees move into view from the right side of the image.
baby raises hand up and then out before kicking feet and legs.
very little water is visible behind large building.
leopard print on upper right of screen quickly switches to what appears to be white snow.
man in orange pants comes into view
wasp flutters its wings
a baby touches her nose
person sitting waving white paper around
a man can be seen stirring something in a cup
a very bright light is shown moving toward camera
man hitting something really hard
person comes up out of waves on the beach
man in black shirt walking with a cup in hand
white object in background reappears
camera pans to person holding a blue and red sign.
slideshow goes from blacks to white falling candy canes
green light on microphones disappear
a girl with glasses and dark hair helps the man attach the roof of the bird house.
person runs behind the quiditch goal
camera zooms in to people on stage
snow plow is first seen
the costume's stinger first becomes visible
man in blue jacket runs down the stairs.
man wearing red jacket puts camera up to eye.
grey vehicle passes in front of train on the
plane spins around in sky while writing in clouds
a tiger runs after another tiger.
dog sniffs against door floor frame
a light is flickering
a girl pointing at her hand.
before the camera zooms in
a crowd of people then back to the billboard
girl picks up balloon for the first time
camera goes over second cat on the bed
hand picks up the spider using another object and puts it on the grey rock.
a toddler closing a door.
the violinist covers her right eye
the first instance of a man dressed in black squatting
a third guy walks in
people begin to jump into water
object on right is out of way and light shines in two streaks
man in orange shirt reaches to man in olive shirt
a hand briefly appears
a person wearing orange exits the frame in the background.
objects begin to move on a track for the first time.
a man wearing khakis walks toward camera
man walks through frame
woman in white skirt can clearly be seen slapping her leg with her left hand
the sky above the orchard can be seen briefly
a man in a black shirts with gold numbers walks by a ping pong table
the title screen with writing
person with hat is almost completely out of frame
boy on couch wiping his nose
the elephant sprays the kid with water.
baby looks up at camera.
camera zooms in on a ball.
a piece of brown waste on the water.
we see santa for the first time.
baby knocks his pacifier out of his mouth.
blond kid sets book down and gets up
we turn to the right and see the bridge
a persons hand appears on the left side
camera zooms in on man in wilderness
bike rides in between bushes
one of the pair darts to the left.
the camera pans to the right to show the sea.
a man with a tan sleeve raises his hands in front of the camera.
a mini train passes by a cat.
the bird take flight from the tree limb.
the man in white in front of the purple monster throws his arms up into the air.
the child touches his hair with his right hand.
a blue truck passes
the woman removes her bag from her shoulder
we look away into the field behind the display
woman with glasses in stairwell looks at camera
the guitarist bends down.
the camera pans closer towards the kid for the first time.
the camera moves a little to the left to show a part of the window.
the camera zooms in on the group of individuals.
a person in red jacket stands and walks away
child in white shirt pulls blue child to floor
blue bus passes yellow bus
flipping through pages
a train going past a stop.
the camera quickly zooms in on morse code for the first time.
a man lifts his hands of a bicycle for the first time.
white paper is shown taped to the wall
we pass a large red truck
curious cat touches camera with nose
the lights change from green to red
man with camera strap around his neck comes into view
cat enters tube
a black and white cat running down the stairs.
a cat jumping on a painting.
a woman taking off her glasses.
the large scary fake elephant blows steam and smoke at an unlucky little kid outside in the road.
the baby's adorable face appears on screen for the first time.
the camera zooms inon a white and blue shack on the other side of the field, then zooms out a little bit.
a woman walk on the side of the road away from a car
someone dressed in black is backed into the right wall
a kid in a neon shirt runs by a parked van
a man walks pass the camera wearing a hat and a black jacket
kid in white runs from back to front of circle
we see woman in grey dress as we turn right
a camera zooms in on fish for the first time.
people march on a field and suddenly stop
the camera zooms in on the musicians.
the large screen that the kids are looking at is shown.
the camera works its way upwards.
the baby picks up a yellow toy
we see the right side of the street
we see the driver
the man points at the pink object.
the green cheerleaders cheer.
the person on stage is shaking something in his hand
man empties something into the white container
man with red hat leaves the frame
man on stage with red shirt and yellow shorts appears to be clapping his hands against his thighs
a man with a white shirt walks by.
a red and white light pulsates on a screen on the left.
the woman in white and yellow bows her head at the customer.
the skier turns his skis sideways to go down.
the truck passes you on right
a woman with dark hair picks up her drink and drinks it
a lighted spire on top of a building changes from red to green
briefly, there are no fireworks in the night sky for a few frames.
a small child puts his hand in his mouth while he sits in a car seat.
woman slaps ball for the first time
man's glasses can be seen for the first time
person in colorful striped sweater approaches pianist
the marchers pivot around a single point to execute a left turn
a hand appears
hands move to the lower keys
the camera zooms out of the building
mom and a baby in the frame, then camera shows a blue bath
a box on a table.
an angel on a tree.
someone dressed in orange can be seen moving in the background
a pair of hands places a glove on a moving object
the woman stands
the rooster is picked up
the catcher throws the ball
a man walks from left to right as horses approach.
a baby is still after squirming around.
a boy points with both hands.
a boy sets an object down.
two people start running.
a little girl in pink pants run pass the dancers
people walking behind the carriage
man with camera throws the red toy towards his dog.
animal runs to the left of field well another animal chases it.
a green light momentarily ceases to flash.
a man really starts to fiddle something fierce.
an individual in a striped shirt backs away.
a bright red bin can be seen on the right.
a grey cat climbing into its cube.
the child crawls around the truck.
the dog stands up and walks.
the camera moves to the left toward the television.
a group of kids are bouncing on a trampoline.
the big yellow thing is first seen
before building appears
boy holding white notebook steps closer
idiot falls down
a man wearing red smiles in the camera when a person wearing a green hat appears
the water at bottom of staircase
a woman stands from a seated position.
a young man picks up a chicken.
a catcher in a black shirt throws a ball.
the man in the white shirt begins clapping.
first time cat falls over
a group of people in a church.
the camera quickly pans from right to left and most of the frame goes dark.
a sloth climbing on a winding piece of wood exits the frame for the first time in the clip.
camera zooms into stax can
lights go from dark red to pinkish purple to yellow.
white card briefly visible from behind the girls back.
girl smiles and blinks into the camera.
the people in red costumes move through the frame.
a few of the lights moving to the left side of the frame.
red christmas tree lights on trees.
you can see cameraman's hand
all of the people are finally in the tent
the man in the black shirt's left half of his glasses appears on frame for the first time in the clip from the upper left corner.
a guy sets up a ladder.
man sets up a golf ball for his second shot.
a dog eats off a plate and doesn't run.
baby lifts its arms above its head
flowerpots can be seen for the first time
cat jumps off table
woman removes sunglasses
camera zooms in on people in the center of the crowd near the smoke and light.
camera zooms in on orchestra performing.
the bird flies off the branch
the bigger black bird scares off a small bird to the side
camera moves to the right to the bushes
camera zooms in on round black objects on poles
kid falls on couch.
camera shows girl in black.
two people mimic playing instruments.
the man stands up and leaves.
the camera zooms out to someone smiling.
the little girl in red falls down.
the little black and white dog jumps out of the water and onto the land.
the camera zooms in into the distant trees.
the first white bus moves out of frame to the bottom left.
the bird moves forward.
the first hiker walks by and points at the camera.
the camera pans right to the green screen and back left the first time.
a group of marchers turns left while marching.
somebody pets a dog around the ear.
the first car leaves the frame to the right.
the camera tilts from vertical to horizontal.
the car in dark blue appears.
a man in black talks about the metro in dc.
a lighthouse in the distance.
a man talking to an audience.
man in the black shirt walks across the stage and a man wearing a white shirt sits down
baby picks up object that was rolled into the frame, puts it to its mouth and then tosses it aside.
camera zoom in on train moving
red object under grey cover
two dancers on stage come together in unison while dancing together.
man and women on stage meeting crowd then come together to take picture.
the top of a person's brown haired head comes into frame in the bottom right corner then moves out of frame.
a large man in a grey jacket turns to the camera and waves.
adult picks up child
woman in red comes into view
many people are looking to feed the tigers some meat.
the lights dim low as the dancer continues her performance.
little kid holds up the peace sign, then stops.
camera pans left, back onto the boat.
someone enters the pool from the right.
a tv with a blue screen suddenly appears
the camera suddenly zooms in the first frame
two flies quickly fly off the screen.
the little girl grabs the stairs.
the woman tries the beverage.
the person kicks something and puts his hands on his hips
in the crowd we can see a person waving their hands
both candy canes light up together twice, then one left, one right
woman in read stands up and begins playing.
close up of the musicians.
the camera zooms into the baby.
the camera points to an illuminated window.
the neon lights start blinking green, and then seem to be going left to right and right to left
camera moves to the left and shows a person's hand holding a camera
the woman in the red is turning something just when the camera moves to the right
a blond woman walks in front of the stage
three people lying on the ground
the man with the yellow vest taps his foot.
a person in a black hoodie walks into the frame
we pass by something blue
the bird stands in 1 spot and pecks.
a group of hikers begins to pass the camera.
the green screen shows that the timer is finished.
it says on screen help rescue me'
a splash from boy jumping into pool
the trolley worker checks the side of the trolley car.
light cloud cover changes to moderately heavy cloud cover.
little girl stands up from the floor and exits room.
the people point the cameras at each other.
the cat looks at the camera.
a motorbike drives by
the man has his right hand spinning the album and his left messing with the buttons in the middle
woman in pink top runs across street
cat leaves room to enter another room.
camera zooms in quickly on lady in red.
boy starts train
dog runs off and stays
a grey cat climbs down a bug screen into a human's hands.
a man walks away from the crowd.
four people join a bunch of other people for a pose.
a woman in a boat gets closer to something that looks like it's moving in the water
the camera zooms in on a phone someone is holding in their hand
green lights fade to purple in one frame
a man off screen throws a piece of food which the baby grabs and eats it.
the words happy birthday dan first appear.
musician on left begins to play sax
the tall man by woman and door points his finger around wildly
a hand rubs baby's head
foot appears in the frame
a boat exits the frame to the left
lights blink all the way to the left in the last frame
the man walks in the opposite direction of the train.
the young girl bounces in place.
the people remove the folding chairs.
the man in a light shirt walks in and starts shaking hands
the boy picks up the hanging snake with both hands for the first time
we pass by a bunch of blue trash cans
three cats are smelling a finger
the man in blue bends his knees and then walks away from the man in white.
a flashing light can be seen on the wing
a tall yellow banner with green lettering can be seen before a tall white one with a dianginale blue stripe down it
just the corner of the can comes up, no one is visable inside in this frame
the camera person opens the door.
a chicken backs up on a deck.
the camera first moves toward the people.
the tan and white dog stands up and walks away.
the large screen first comes into view as the camera pans left.
the children jumping and man with the black shirt first appear or come into view.
we see the stage on the right of the seated musicians
a wave crashes
the camera moves and turns to face the windows.
the baby moves back and hits the ball with the woman for the first time.
the man lowers his head to position himself and begins strumming.
a woman with a striped shirt walks to the piano to give a tip.
man with yellow on his pants is facing the camera
a little girl runs through the frame
first screen touch
camera zooms in on the snowy top of the mountain
person places the treat on the table and the cat runs toward sit
a male graduate with a purple flower necklace can be seen
camera goes from the top to the bottom of the ride
a man appears in front of camera
baby puts one foot in the mans face
a person to the left begins to move his head to like the person on the right for the first time.
camera moves down and wee see orange flowers up close
the flag lift up to 90 degrees
the light orb in the top right corner of the from turns from white to green.
the american flag becomes visible on the field for the first time in the clip.
the animal turns its head away
the cyclist passes
white wood with a hole in it
a baby sleeping and moving its mouth.
the little boy's face comes into frame for the first time in the upper left corner.
a dog in a field drops a red object then runs in circles all over the place like he's crazy.
there is a number 8 on the hood.
girl waves.
the animal is eating
the camera pans in a 360 manner.
man switches ball with child.
the camera zooms in on asian lady.
two turkeys on the ground.
a fluttering american flag.
while moving to the right the camera shows the start of large buildings.
a cute baby girl is walking away from the camera
two bicyclists pass in the frame
the lady sens a kiss with her two fingers
the person in black turns to look at the camera.
both men stand up
camera moves too show people sitting on stage
person in glasses makes a gesture up against his mouth and wiggles his fingers around.
camera zooms in on bird.
cat walks towards camera then out of frame.
camera zooms in on woman in the red coat.
the woman whips her hair around.
a pink jacket can clearly be observed.
the flag flaps on the mountain.
the city comes into view.
a brown van enters the frame.
a child slides down a red slide on his stomach.
girl sits down and stands back up quickly
black dog shakes off the water
a pole in a green field
we look to the right in the station
person turns and leans on stage
the baby touches his hand to his mouth.
the camera goes back to the left to the bikers.
a woman's head can be seen partially obstructing the view
baby holds up his right fist
boy points two finger directly at the camera
toy on table with red wheel first comes into view
the mascots run by the camera
the lights on stage switch to purple
a title appears and fades away.
the man holding the light stays in the middle of the frame.
arm in the right of the frame
stage lights are all yellow
man adjusts his own mustache
blue train cars drive completely out of frame
the man in glasses raises his eyebrows briefly while talking.
a boy in a red jacket pedals rapidly past two red cars.
the person in a grey jacket and neon yellow snow pants appears in frame from the right.
a person walks by in the background
the dog licks its paws
a woman playing violin.
we see a black pig in the corner for the first time
a woman in a black shirt is elevated above the crowd
a performer reaches for something on the ground
a building is illuminated in orange light
sunlight reflects from the seals snout
a person with a notepad enters the frame
child attempts a headstand while squeezing a ball between its feet
women walks on stage.
the flares that a two man are carrying goes out.
camera pans right and onto a single crab standing.
silly man passes the fireworks with a baby stroller and a dog.
a girl in a white shirt looks at the camera, then looks away.
a hand touches a baby's head.
a foot enters the frame from the bottom.
a tiny yellow fish swims and stays on top of the flat orange plant under water with a grey background at the end of the video.
the camera passes a body of water.
the camera pans up to show balloons.
man is talking then moves to the right
we see the bikers right-side-up.
the toddler touches the table.
the teal car goes in reverse.
the woman talks to the camera.
the camera goes through two trees.
brown turns to black
frame starts on cage sticker
person sitting on skateboard passes front of black car
red flowers in a bush.
camera looks down to the ground
the car window is in view
camera zooms in on performance
the light is now on
stickers on a pole next to santa
the rug is no longer visible
a small chipmunk dashes back and forth in a cage.
the man begins to talk.
the virtual roller coaster descends the peak.
dancers turn their back on audience
woman in pink is seen for first time
cat grabs toy for first time
flashes of light can be observed.
a man in a purple shirt passes by.
a ball rows down, and to the left.
the man runs to the front the plane.
the man in blue is holding his hand up.
a large water flume is gushing from the ground
multiple jets in pond are displying
the toddler in white gets closer to the one in orange and catches him.
the boy touches the train and gets it moving.
the sun shines on the water.
everybody claps.
child crawls around toy on all fours
the corner of the building
the person in the background is bouncing.
a group of old ladies dance.
two men silloetted against the fire while waving a large flag
a person runs off the stage to the right
the woman opens her eyes very wide
something blue can briefly be seen off to the left farther ahead along the path
camera pans to the right to show a man by rocks who moves to the left towards a sign.
guy turns the camera on himself to scream at the camera.
the camera pans back to show the whole train.
a man is playing the guitar as a person is walking behind him.
a man is playing an instrument when a man in red walks in front of him.
waves are rolling onto the shore near a hill.
letters 'bl' are shown for the first time
a man in sunglasses looks down for the first time
a parade of people stop moving.
flag gets lifted up a pole.
man with beard smokes.
person with blue shirt jumps down from something
child grabs the stuffed animal away from crawling boy
man in red takes a swig of beer
a man taking a picture.
a close up shot of 4 men playing instruments.
man in black suit and white shirt exits the frame to the right.
camera pans to the right to briefly look at window.
camera zoom outward
the camera zooms in on the panda on the right, then shakes around a little bit.
a trophy is handed over and man goes back in line
right before you see second scuba diver
a boy in red shorts
singer uncrosses her arms and snaps her fingers for the first time
presentation shows a large animal
looking up into the trees
a boy with an orange backpack looks behind.
a person in a red jacket looks into the camera
people walk up a slanted path with a couple people holding flags
the video screen in the background turns from blue to orange
a woman with a fake mustache holding onto a pole.
a person climbs onto the rock cliff in the distance.
the man tilts his head and starts talking.
the plane starts to turn left.
a child floats around on his back.
camera pans past a tv.
camera pan over a red and white striped poll.
white object becomes visible in lower left corner of frame
first time man looks down
blue light flashes
practically no fireworks or lights
two men shake hands
skier reaches the bottom
two birds appeared in front of the camera
the child sits still and does not move
the person filing the scene goes behind the screen
the blonde boy scratches his neck
a hand sets down a piece of metal
the toddler in pink looks at something interesting before nodding.
the ceiling light lights up the living room.
the woman in the santa costume start rocking back and forth.
the baby temporarily loses balance and falls before getting up again.
an adult walks over to the kid in yellow
the singer claps and then points to his eyes
the person adjusts the microphone.
the camera zooms in on the field.
cosmic rocket
the little girls hop twice
waves hitting the rocks.
two men are working and then they finish and stand straight up ready to walk away.
this is a close up of only the man that is dressed in a suit and talking on stage.
man talking smiles briefly
the cameraman moves closer to the person.
the water starts to go off.
the girl in the white shirt fixes her hair
the man drops his shirt onto the ground
adult is seen
a person walks on the beach.
the camera pans closer to the vinyl.
guy in yellow enters the frame of the camera and begins to ski.
the camera zooms out on the soldiers.
the person rides by a blue building.
a cold man points to a mountain behind him.
a young boy gives the peace sign.
a woman squirts the whipped cream out of the can.
boy waves with his left hand
a grille appears with the number 8 on it
a woman wearing a black jacket and a blue shirt
two people in black pull up a huge black and white sheet in front of the people on the stage.
a tiny boy in a green shirt in the car points to a page in a book that the person next to him is holding.
the camera zooms in on an animal sitting up in a dark tree at twilight.
smoke is coming out of the ground and the camera moves left
a woman appears wearing a white hat and white shirt
a woman wearing a blue shirt reaches for something
the mascot runs alongside the boat
a man wearing a green and yellow plaid hoodie is seen walking past.
a train can bee seen.
the woman looks at the man briefly
the boy passes a silver car
the skier in yellow pants enters the frame
a man on yellow riding a bike can be seen in a video.
a man quickly shakes his right arm.
a woman in a red jacket sits at a picnic table
people leave the table and put red napkins on the table
the light colored puppy rolls on its back
a little girl in a pink shirt walks into the scene
camera pans over several yellow umbrellas.
a large christmas tree with lights.
dog looks up at the camera briefly.
some bugs appear in the bushes
an elbow pops into view
gator snaps at the bait
camera pans left to crowd
two bikers bike past two men in black.
a man in blue catches the small cat.
camera zooms in then out.
a man in sunglasses and a black hat appears.
a singer kneeling down.
the little one gets up and leaves
the secondary spray begins
friends are playing a competitive game on a touch screen.
the small snake slithers up its owner's hands.
the lights change from blue to orange.
the man in the white hat walks away.
large white and grey dog chewing on something while laying on floor.
the checkered flag is seen for the first time
the woman with flowers on her purple sweater strikes a pose then turns as if to introduce the crowd to her right
a man in a suit and tie sitting in a chair behind the white tables turns his head and looks towards the windows.
the camera shakes around at the beginning of the clip as it focuses on fish swimming around.
a large white building lit in yellow light appears on screen as the camera pans from right to left.
van drives by on monitor
first time man slaps his thighs
a blonde woman in a blue shirt first waves, then shakes her boobs at the camera.
the camera zooms in dramatically at a plate of red meats near the beginning of the video.
a small girl in a pink and white dress sticks two fingers up her nose at the same time.
the white boxy truck with an orange logo on it appears on screen for the first time in the bottom left corner.
zoom in to pink flower patch.
man turns to face the audience
the top can be seen
parachutist touching down
woman waves to camera for final time
the person in green on the right leaves the screen.
camera zooms in then zooms out on cat.
the boy tosses his mat on the floor.
camera pans left until the screen leaves the frame.
a person wearing yellow shorts appears on the top left hand corner
the person flies by the man in the blue shirt.
the bike splashes the water.
the camera pans away from the land.
a bright light flashes in the middle of a frame for the first time.
we pass the tree beside the water
the little girl walks away from the camera.
the camera pans to the right to show more people.
cat looks at water then runs to the left.
the counter goes from 12 backwards to 1
kid walks away from chair and onto carpet with bat
the white basin on ground
camera shows the person in the front
the ship 'hides' behind the ree
the moped travels down the road passing no houses
man in red walks off to the left
little boylaughs and falls backward
model bus enters the covered bridge
the girl climbs up the stairs.
several people walk in front of the horse.
a little girl in a pink shirt slides down a slope on a rug.
a man in a long sleeve white collared shirt walks in front of the frame from the right to the left.
a toddler in pink attempts to climb the stairs.
a blonde woman taste-tests a sparkling, alcoholic drink.
person in red shirt is most visible
the first time we see baby's face
man in hat leaves
person comes into view
a clear sphere between two pieces of a machine
the plane engine starts up with a puff of smoke
an adult gestures and the three kids move
the person in red is talking and pointing to the left
camera zooms out of the sunset and shows the road
camera zooms in.
a shirtless man walks up the edge and looks out into the sea.
the person in black is throwing out goodies from the float.
a black cat looks at the toy train circling the christmas tree.
only ripples are seen
person on left with red thing comes into frame
a foot in the bottom left of the frame pushes a skateboard back and forth that is next to two other skateboards on the ground.
a camera zooms in and out on a guitar player.
a toddler closes a playhouse door.
a man wearing green marches in a parade.
the woman in front finally begins to lift her head
stage lights change from pink to red
the dog lays down
the baby grabs the toy with both hands
the red curtain fills the screen
a waterfall rushes.
a girl does a split wearing red and black
one diver floats backwards
the camera zooms in on jesus then zooms out.
person wearing red appears
a person in a red jacket appears in frame very briefly then exits the frame in the bottom left corner of the screen.
the camera zooms in on red stuff hanging from large wooden poles above a crowd.
random man runs across track field during an event.
the camera moves past a tree toward the water.
the man points at the screen.
the cheerleaders are wearing green and waving pom poms.
the two turtles are at their most distant
the man holding the paper touches the microphone
the cannons fire
the female worker in blue takes out a sweet snack.
the man wearing black puts the item down.
camera switches to the driveway with big white bags on the ground
a person bends over to pick something off the ground
riders reach top of hill on roller coaster simulator
hands are seen clapping
the person in red stands up
the man puts both feet on the floor
man in white begins to dance well the women speaks on mic.
the camera pans up to show a persons face.
two people on a beach
man takes shirt off and keeps it off
man holding child
a woman in a blue shirt walks by
shadows move along the shore of a beach
a man in a red and yellow striped shirt raises his arms
fox comes all the way in to frame right next to camera
man with green shirt walks through frame
we see the inside of the room
the little girl splashes the camera person.
the person in the grey shirt and black pants walks away from the tent holding things.
a yellow dog lays on the ground and chews on his red crab toy.
smoke shoots up from a stadium field in the shape of a v for the first time in the clip.
no people are visible in the frame for a few seconds, just fish and blue water with a shark in it.
the camera pans down to a view of the small dirt road for the first time towards the beginning of the video.
a man in a blue shirt appears and disappears in the bottom right corner of the frame while walking down the street in italy.
a boy in khaki shorts steps on a tightrope and flails his arms around as if he is about to lose his balance and fall.
a dark skinned woman in a white t-shirt enters into the frame, exits, then reenters and dances.
the camera spins around in a full circle to show a huge crowd walking in the streets of a city at nighttime.
bird is picking at rock
man in green shirt leans back for first time
a single black suv can be seen, which seems to be accelerating
a child on their belly slides down a pink slide feet first
a rock in the center of the screen seems to disappear beneath the surf.
a man's finger gets in the way.
the alligators bite at the food
the camera quickly turns to the right.
a boy in a grey sweatshirt sits on the tan couch and claps his hands.
first red firework is seen
the boy walks toward the sprinkler.
boy throws ball across wooden bridge
the man reaches down for the lowest buttons.
the camera zooms out on the building.
the camera zooms in on the baby crying.
the camera pans from left to right to reveal a red building lit with red signs across a snow-covered lot.
the camera pans left to right the reveal the inside of the car that is driving down the desert road.
the sun sets over a city horizon and night falls' people turn their lights on across the town.
a man walking when a woman appears
camera moves forward when a barn appears
camera gets close up to record
two people standing in darker coats
the blonde woman in blue waves at the camera.
white text on a transparent black banner appear at the bottom.
the little girl in the floral top put two finger to her nose.
a big orange and black bus turns left and parks on the left.
the swimmers do a kick turn on the wall.
there is a yellow strobe light.
the man touches his own face.
a train goes by.
the man closes his mouth for a prolonged amount of time.
a man talks to the dj.
the dog in the background chews.
a woman displays a yellow object.
white symbol appears on screen
another dog shows up to check on things.
a large crowd in a field.
a baby is playing with a toy table andchews on the side of the table.
a man in green walks left into the crowd
we see what is in back of the bike
person in cap quickly turns their head all the way back
we see the phone more closely
lady in blue shirt stop leaning in man in white shirt.
green car, white car, and green car
a woman walks across the front of the stage.
the people are laying down on the ground.
the camera pans from left to right to reveal a red circular sign at the beginning of a trail.
the cameraman's face appears on camera briefly, then the pans down to show the ground below him.
the camera zooms in on the boy in the green and brown jacket's face up close while he rides in thomas the train.
person standing near the tent sits down
guitarist bends over to pick something up
building turns from purple to green
camera switches to the second flower
a sloth climbing a tree.
the girl stands on her toes for a moment.
the camera points to the other roller coaster.
the float drives by.
a hand is petting the cat.
a person speaking in public.
blue lights switch to a bright white screen and purple lights.
a man walking his baby in a stroller near a hot fire.
the guy in the hat turns around and films the man behind the camera.
a cat first licks himself.
the camera zooms in
the dog runs a circle around the person.
people walking past a park.
man turns the camera from showing himself to showing other people.
the stage gets dark.
the three figures momentarily lean.
a dog bumps a child's head twice.
the person wearing the hat walks past the screen.
the camera zooms in on two silver fish.
a man with a burgundy and white shirt runs by.
the camera slightly shakes.
the camera zooms into the tower.
the person falls over.
the duet dip down with their guitars
the wing leaves the frame entirely
looking left we see the flag with the red star
closest view of the basist
a doorway is shown
man in red starts singing into mic
we see an arm in a white shirt
the girl in pink picks up the ball from the ground.
camera pans right, the inside of the bus can comes to view.
a grey rectangle moving on a metal surface.
the ticker starts on 10
the boy picks up a tube
a reflection of a green car can be seen driving through from right to left
the person with the red hat leaves the screen.
the camera zooms in on the people on stage.
a cow in a neighborhood.
person in red sitting at picnic table
the table is cleared
the white one rolls off to the left
a little girl in pink arrives
square shadow enter on the brown paper on the floor
shadow disappears from the paper
a person on a rides rapidly over the lit blue squares on the ground towards the camera.
a woman talks and touches her lips with two fingers then gives the piece sign at the end of the video.
a barn with equipment.
the sun sets over a city and it becomes dark.
the camera zooms left and then a persons arm appears in the left hand corner
a cute little kid in a grey shirt takes a bite from a yellow spoon that appears in the top right corner of the frame then leaves promptly.
a kid in a green shirt picks up a basketball for the first time and gently places it in the basket.
black umbrella dips into frame
we pass two people
the camera pans left, little silver ball drops.
man walks out of frame.
the girl in blue touches her face.
singer stops blocking the green light
the woman in the black and white striped shirt steps out of the frame
customers stocking their store.
a man in a blue jacket watches a person go by on a zipline
the boy points to the left.
the camera shows the top of the trees.
the first time a hand touches the machine
we pass between two trees
a kid rides her bike and a tricycle appears in the left hand corner
the ship's front reached the left edge of the screen
the girls throws up the ball with her feet
the man with the blue shirt and red hat points ahead.
the little girl is moving up and down not holding the rail.
the man with red and black shirt picks up a white object.
woman bends and touches car.
girl in blue shorts comes close to the camera.
girl on bike is riding away from the camera
a light in the sky.
a red firework's first burst
woman walks forward with her hands up
person with blue shirt pushing stroller
the water bottle on counter with blue cap closest to camera
closest to the rocks almost on top
a huge yellow building
the camera shows a road when a room full of chairs appear
fish swims to left of tank past the mushrooms
person in white tee in front of camera walks to the right.
a yellow tent on a field in the middle of a crowd comes into view as the camera pans across the field.
the camera moves from purple to yellow.
the old lady touches the babies face.
someone applying something to a small white object.
we see tall historic golden building at an angle
first set of runners hit the end of the room and run back
some green bushes creep into the lower right hand frame
baby goes out of frame for a moment.
man in white in the shot.
the rocks at the bottom of the water
a child pushes a toy when the woman appears in the camera
a man rubs his head as he holds some paper
a man is on the phone has a woman in black appear in the camera
big light drops
camera zooms away and a man appears in the camera
camera pans to the right and two seals appear on a rock
the red bird is jumping up and down
a dog on the beach by himself.
keyboardist stops playing and jumps around.
the clouds clear up as the sun starts to shine.
a scenery is being filmed while it shows the vehicle the people are on.
camera pans right of the boat and a man appears
under the bridge a train appears
round rock feature disappears from frame
fast moving clouds come into view
a mans face is briefly shown
a baby struggles up a ladder on a slide.
two dogs fight with a black dog lying down.
camera moves from monitor to face.
camera pans right to two penguins.
a brown and black dog jumps up and runs towards a treat.
a brown dog runs to the feet of a man wearing glasses.
a man tosses a child into the air while standing in a swimming pool.
man reaches top
fish swim in a little pond
man with bald spot enters the scene and points
man lowers his collar and raises his arms in victory
the camera zooms in on people dressed in hot dogs running.
a person scratches their leg.
a lady in white shirt claps her hands
a man is starting his motorcycle with is foot.
a person walks into a fenced in area.
the man stuffs the toy and the legs pop up
the dancing kids fall.
the fish on the left leaves the ground and swims upward.
the dog eats his bone with his paw on it.
a brighter light flashes, around the top of the gazebo.
two animals pass each other
white chair is seen
chick pecks camera
the kid walks over to the woman in the room
the man is holding onto the red raft
we see the robot from behind as the camera changes angles
the moving train on left passes the immobile train on right.
a head walks by the screen.
the camera moves away from the island toward the water.
an animal jumps out of the water at another animal.
the guy in blue speeds up his pace.
the lady on the couch sets something on the floor.
the man is celebrating after hitting target.
camera pans to the left and the water a ppears
white door comes into view
baby yawns
singer puts microphone in his right hand
camera pans to the outdoors
the women in green first gestures with her hands.
camera pans to the left and the guitarist bow's his head.
second man walks up to podium
plant is shown
the screen changes from orange to green
the man spins twice on the rope
the man takes both hands off his face
a man in yellow shorts walks to and talks to a lady in pink.
the camera pans to right to show a man walking towards the girl.
a guy bending over next to a piece of art.
a dog laying on a grass field.
a young child wears a helmet and stands in dirt field.
a man looks over the back of a chair.
child picks up duck
man in blue shirt comes into view
man in glasses and red hat looking forward
a man throws his hands in the air for a while and then goes back to fixing his collar
a man is holding a little red square he removed from a orange square shape.
person raises their arms to help balance.
woman moves her stick from her left hand to her right.
the shadow of an adult falls onto the ground near the boy.
a man in zombie makeup is eating a sandwich.
the baby in the chair is laughing.
a person skies down a snowy slope pass the camera.
the baby uses her right hand to play with her toy.
the glowing orb on the roof falls to the ground.
a green light turns yellow.
man with goggles talks into camera
camera pans to the birds in the sky
building is visible in left of frame
woman with green shirt is being shown
man scratches head
man with green shirt places black object on table
singer releases the microphone stand from his right hand
we briefly see the center window, over the crucifix, on the back wall.
the cameraman's handle bars and then his shadow.
we first see something red in the distance.
a guy in a red hat talks to a guy with an orange hat and a guy in a striped shirt.
guy in orange shirts bends over and touches his toes.
a man with a black back stands by the wall.
camera zooms in on musicians performing.
foot with sandal visible on the ground.
person with blue lights on hat and bicycle wearing a poncho starts to walk off
rooster flaps wings
man taking picture with camera lowers it to look at the camera's lcd screen
person walks away from center of room
baby looks at camera
person is red passes very closely to camera
men in red bandanas walking backwards and shaking objects
the diver's flippers appear in view.
the man rides into the table.
taps right foot
camera focuses on girl in sunglasses
man in green tie laughs
camera zooms out and kis looks at camera
man with white shirt holding hands up and jumping
yellow bed of flowers being shown
red bus driving past
a diver can be seen.
the camera zooms in on the stage.
a little girl is riding the machine.
the baby goes down the slide.
the camera goes under a man's legs.
camera pans to the right
camera pans to man with black jacket
a little girl is eating a lollipop.
the man in the black hoodie with white writing is shown sitting on a bus.
backdrop gets darker and camera pans to the right
man in black top takes out camera
girl in orange shirt walks forward through fram
woman in black tank top points
we pass a green trash can on the left
kiwi is visible
fog or smoke comes into view
tree is being shown on the left side of the frame
the girl begins to run away from the post.
a lady wearing an orange top sitting at a table.
two people visible for entire frame
someone walks into and back out of frame
flying fish swim along ocean floor. no rocks are visible
the child turns around for the first time.
the face of a girl in a tan hat is shown.
a large metal pole with a ladder behind a graffiti covered wall.
man walks forward
string in snow moves for the first time
camera turns away from sand and toward ocean
a couple wearing white tshirts pose for a photo
the groom touches his face
the first carriage leaves the frame
baby turns his head to the right and slightly back to the left
baby turns to look at the camera while smiling
as the steam blows right, we see an excavator machine lift up and turn to the left.
a multi-colored train appears and rides towards us
a building with a rounded roof in many parts is shown.
the baby opens his mouth wide.
a man in a light blue t-shirt walks around.
the kitten is running in a circle.
the little girl in a light shirt and pink pants falls and gets up.
man dances in light
a lady swings the club hard and loses her footing.
a woman leans in front of the camera.
the tall building on the right is visible.
big shell comes into view
clock face comes into view
first scuba fins are seen
someone runs past the camera
the camera view goes from heavily wooded, to less wooded scenery.
boy touches top of his head
front of train arrives
a man wearing a button down stands up from his chair.
a rooster climbs up to the second step of a ladder.
a red and white sign is passed.
the camera zooms in to the distance.
little boy moves the ladder towards the camera.
the camera zooms out to show the house.
the camera pans to the right to show an audience.
the camera goes closer to a man with a camera which is on a tripod.
black lady points at something off screen.
the woman's hand is visible.
the camera starts to follow a bird in the sky.
a child in a red coat passes by.
a person can be seen walking on the right hand side
camera zooms in
baby falls down while holding onto railing
a big red machine comes into view.
the lights aren't moving.
the bear scratches its head.
a person in orange is standing on the pier.
the man uses device to zoom in on building then zooms out.
man touches button for the first time.
man dressed in white makes the people stop.
dog first leaps up and puts paws on ledge next to blue lantern
koi fish swims underneath a overhanging branch
the plants on the right are shown.
people on the left begin to walk towards the door.
man with bald spot crouches down and takes a knee
close up of a man with sunglasses waving then stands next to a girl dancing
a stack of two rows of dominoes next to a salt shaker
person crosses sidewalk and jumps on wall acting like they are vomiting
a man is reading to a kid when the kid stands up
camera pans right then upward
propellers on plane are started
racing bikers zoom by camera
man gives a thumbs up
baby girl twirls object in hand around
a small mountain is shown sitting between two larger ones.
santa claps along with the ladies.
the circle light on top of the clock blinks rapidly.
the person begins to play the guitar with his left hand below the neck of the guitar, versus above it.
both animals are visible at the same time.
the camera pans left to clearly show a person bobbing their head.
a black microphone bobs in and out of the shot.
the arm on a crane swings side to side.
man carrys bowl
a sailboat filled with people passes closely by other sailboats
the end of the train appears
a man and woman are dancing as a red food truck appears behind them
the person gets off their knees.
the camera pans from the trees.
a person with greying hair stands in front of the camera.
man in crowd walks toward camera
duck swims past sitting ducks
the other members of the band come into view
the camera first zooms in on the chess board.
the man grabs the babies fist and moves it up and down.
tree begins to be cut fastly
man in light shirt slightly bends down
dog comes up for pets while sitting by the fire.
camera zooms in on kiwi mortgage market banner
night fades into morning
woman found something in her plant
man puts hand to nose
first model walks past camera
an owl is pecking at it's feathers.
a man in red gets on his knee.
the man turns away from the woman.
the man in blue points at the woman.
first see a man with a yellow swath of clothing on shoulder turns and walks out of the room
train goes by a yellow and orange piece of heavy machinery
person in crowd against the left wall picks up a child to hold them
people on a dock
she turns away briefly and puts her hand over her mouth.
a guy with a black t-shirt, black bracelet, and black and white shorts walks through the shot.
back of the boat stays in view
a hand reaches out to grab the kids.
the camera moves closer to a window to show the outside view.
person standing in striped shirt starts walking and goes below deck.
hidden fish moves to escape and kicks up a lot of sand.
camera zooms up water stream
toothless kid smiling anways
camera focuses on little boy sitting by plane window
some sort of wasp climbs up wall into space to right
a smaller turtle enters from between the two potted plants.
a hand raises the cuff is white
just one fish
phone displays a map for the first time.
a camera pans and a foot is seen.
the camera pans up and to the right.
door turns blue
baby turns away from the camera briefly then back.
we pass a triangular sign.
baby looks back to grandma.
the fish swims to the top.
a dog by the fire
the turn table that the people are riding on stops spinning
the flame on a candle flickers clearly.
a small boat is docked at the pier.
a man washes a tire with a hose.
people are sitting in a boat on a lake.
sign that says 'found''in red is shown
fireworks explode for the first time
red object is shown
group of people riding bikes pass the camera .
one last firework goes off then the fireworks stop.
girl sits down.
woman in pink top grabs and moves the big green square pad
large building moves out of frame
rider turns to the left
we are shown the people on the stage close up.
man with white collar puts both hands on steering wheel
camera pans left toward the crowd
woman with teal shirt and teal helmet is riding on back of motorcycle
camera turns to screen
girl swings both hands in the air
person with striped shorts walks past camera
you can no longer see the red derby platform
blue bar expands and spins
dad touches his face
girl finishes tying shoe
small silver car passes through frame
someones legs walk right past baby
camera zooms in on single gerbil
man takes a bite of his sandwich
camera is focused on green chair tipped on its side
little girl walks into the shot with her bag, finds an egg, and continues on.
the boom mic lowers down.
the camera moves away from the people and pans upward
the man picks up a paper and attemps to walk away
the man starts to play the violin
greed spot by itself
a white dog shakes his head as he lifts his head up from the grass.
a young boy places a toy in front of his face.
two men stand on the side of a hill overlooking a valley.
a brown, black and white dog leaves a room.
a man in a blue hat holds up a bright pink sign.
baby drops toy car
camera turns left at the bottom of ocean
camera flips up right
the black fabric comes into view
the man in blue pulls out the chair
the stick begins to shake
a person in a yellow jacket on the right is skating on ice.
a little boy in yellow is chasing a girl in pink.
the word barudan is visble
two yellow signs on racetrack
baby bends down in playpen
camera zooms in on stage.
kid talking and clapping
baby bird finally breaks out of the egg.
little boy brings blue toy to the little girl.
the three man on the right group together to talk.
boy in blue striped shirt comes into view
hand drum player comes into view
a person almost falls while stepping on something to play a game
a person runs passed while a lady hits the floor with her cane
two people walk into a field.
a dog runs up, and down a slide.
camera comes up to computer screen
person in go cart and blue helmet rides by
girl with red hair walks by
girl with black hair in scean
white apears in top corner
the camera view reaches the very top of the green house.
a cardboard box is seen sitting atop a printer.
a man unbuttons his sleeve and pulls it up.
woman licks lips
man with brown shoes and blue jean's legs are shown
kitten lies down to play with toy
little girl with gray shirt flails arms around
the baby scratches his head.
a train speeds down the track.
the tower turns solid purple.
man is not visible
frame skips
girl in pink hoodie walks toward boy with black on
a baby plays with one gray remote control
a military vehicle driving in a parade.
two hands reach into the frame
man lifts up his hand
we can briefly see the side of the mans face in the lower right corner, not just his head.
the baby bends over and touches the red car toy
the two fox run into the darkness
the person picks up the toy from a stand.
the girl looks to her right.
the camera pans to the conductor.
light changes to purpleish
person in blue suit is standing nearest podium
the white lines start to get drawn in.
the girl in white playfully hits the other person.
carlos in the desert
a person with a yellow hat leans back in.
the man takes a few steps back.
man in shades and backwards hat nods at camera
we turn quickly right to see a small crater in the parched ground.
black dog runs off under the sofa
woman looks to her left briefly
men walk away from each other
mans face is shown for first time
we first see the scuba diver
a kid is ice skating when a girl appears and ice skating
the cat starts to crawl up.
the man with a blue shirt holds up a beer.
the man picks up something from the ground.
you first see the face of the man in the grey suit.
a man in a light shirt on the left is swinging a sword.
a little girl with glasses appears
camera zooms in on the dog
the dog run into water and begins to swim in water.
the male santa claus first comes into view.
a light on top of the clock turns on and off.
baby looking left to right
person to the very right in the crowd sits down
man throws dog into pool
flag comes into view
child hits elbow on chair
boy looks up at camera for first time
man waves orange flag as bikers pass by.
guitar player puts his sunglasses on.
shot with the least amount of clouds.
a puppy chews a twig.
people walk and stand on the pier at the boardwalk.
people walk in a circle around a table.
the camera pans up to show branches.
the black man on the computer screen goes down to do a push up.
when the cell screen is black before it switches to gray
the camera zooms in on people.
the stage lights up to show the band.
the camera is faced directly towards the people on stage
a dark shadow begins to slightly surface
person in yellow shorts turns back on camera
woman removes item from box
person in light green shirt with white stripes can be seen on right side of frame
purple shirt can briefly be seen on bottom of frame
person stands up in front
when the fountain first begins
a parent in a gray hooded sweatshirt watching boys in a karate class.
camera moves left towards people
a man on a snowboard passes a skiier.
green graffiti enters the picture.
a woman's hair blows into the wind.
we begin to pan away from the window
the bug first does a 360 degree twirl around before shaking
the man in glasses turns behind to his right then the camera passes him
person twirls map around for first time
person presses button on toilet for first time
man puts hands to face and then flails them out
the dinosaur head went up and then down.
two kids started running and ran away.
a man in a blue shirt high fives a man in a green shirt.
the person throws the tube outside the pool.
the man goes back into the barn.
a white steel walkway is pictured.
a ceiling fan is spinning
an image of a man appears on screen
a television show being displayed on a flat screen tv.
a dog sitting down in front of a stone wall.
man shifts his weight to get better view while everyone else does not move
cow with two horns and mostly white face with brown spot on its eye closly walks by
person in black coat and red cap walks up from right side
child stands up
the screen behind the band focuses on the guitar for the first time
almost no glass can be detected. in addition, an orange and white fish swims head first to the bottom and then quickly swims up to the top.
people playing drums
man kisses baby.
the car driving by fast in the snow was the distinct moment.
the cat getting it's head stuck behind the other cat.
the saxophone player switches to the right side of the stage.
the crowd dances to the music.
person in yellow shirt picks up something from below
dogs scratches at something with paw
wolf throws bowling ball down lane
keyboardist comes into view
television comes on
gold pickup truck comes into view
dog stops licking boy then the boy hits it then the dog continues to lick the boys hand.
camera shakes a little
the face of a little girl with glasses is shown
dog scratches ear
man waves one hand around above table
silver car drives past
baby picks up toy and slams it on the ground.
camera pans to the left to show a lake.
you can see the light of the sun on the corner of the screen.
a man in red is beating on a large drum.
3 women come into view as one walks to the left.
the number '912' can be read.
one person stops moving while the other two people are still moving, but then he starts back again
the man picks up the item.
the dog stands still and wags his tail.
a little girl in a dress picking up a red ball.
a black car parked outside during a storm.
the crab moves off of the screen.
a diver is sitting on the ocean floor.
a man walks pass a couple dances.
a person is holding a bird with one hand and points a finger on the other hand
a kid goes across the screen wearing a blue shirt
man in white shirt enters from the right side of the frame.
racing karts pass by.
there are no hands tickling the baby.
adult talking to a kid
a man with glasses turns around.
the green words get larger then smaller.
the bear lifts his head up and looks right.
the camera pans over the water.
a guy on a microphone
a hand goes toward the cat.
the woman touches her head.
the child jumps up for the first time.
the dog walks toward the man.
the woman holds out her left arm.
the man rocks his head side to side as he plays.
a man with a gray shirt has his right arm up in the air.
woman sweeps hair away from face
smoke and fire blow on left side of frame.
a man is wearing a pair of glasses.
third turtle comes into scene
the women on the floor gets up.
the camera pans to the left.
baby yawns before moving arms
an animated image of a man sitting in front of a computer screen.
man in blue shirt touches can with both hands
woman in black top and red bottom turns toward man
camera zooms in on little deer
person with yellow shorts comes into view
person on bike has not ridden off yet
the race begins
red car turns at the end of the camera
the cat runs behind the tree.
the boy starts to stand up.
lion licking other lion.
before person shows up at machine
a flowing river
a dog is laying down playing with a toy by himself.
camera focuses down towards stairs and then floor
a boy runs and dives into the water.
the bird step up higher on the branch and quickly expands its wings.
men dances on stage then runs off.
flames are shooting out into the sky.
a guy is touring china
the last cyclist exits the frame
one tiny little firework
a pyramid shaped object comes into view
one of the children, in a brown coat and pink muffler, crawls around in the snow, gathers up a snowball, during the frenzy.
puppy lays head on ground
the man with the microphone points up.
the front of the train passes by to where you cannot see it no more.
the camera goes from blurry to clear.
person puts hand to face
camera zooms in on a caterpillar eating a leaf
we follow a guy up the stairs.
camera focuses on girl in aquarium
first hit is made
child puts spoon in bowl then back on forehead
clouds change from mottled to gray
the audience is visible
words come and go
child claps
all three at the bottom
two kids are happy to ride a fork lift into the air.
a man in white is shown clapping with his hands above his head
the bus leaves the frame
the woman with the hat pops her head back into the car.
the train is at the darkest part of the tunnel.
a scuba diver comes into view
a womans pink gloves are shown up close
man with black pants shifts right and left leg
boy with a green hood laughing and talking into the camera.
camera follows girls on motor bikes
person with light blue hoodie is shown
a man wearing black jumps toward the wall.
a man moves forward before he starts to talk
the man in the purple jacket dances facing the camera.
the standing man in the gray sweatshirt watches the kids perform karate.
two guys are giving each other high fives.
the baby picks up the toy for the first time.
the camera pans to the stone porch.
the camera person walks past a person in a black hat.
jeans clad legs leave the frame
the camera pans to the right and then a person appears
camera pans up to the top of the wood
a person dressed in black with their right arm raised in the air while holding a flag.
diver's head comes into view
man's face comes into focus on large screen
woman gets in machine
the lady-zombie first turns around and walks away with a little jiggle.
the bear is eating something then he turns to the camera
the man is on the rope then he falls off
the man slides in a tunnel
engine is most visible
side of vehicle is in full view
full dock is shown
first man bends down out of view
child removes hand from screen
you first see the light from the moon.
the camera pans to the right and you see a guy with longs hair.
woman twirls around for the first time
woman in green is holding paper
baby has both hands on tray
man with short graying hair comes into view
close-up of fish tank as goldfish flutter about.
camera turns away from red and yellow truck for the first time
kitten rubs head on other kittens back
black dot shows up at bottom of frame
girl looks up at camera for the first time
the dog jumps up against the wall to drink water.
a clear view of a fish swimming in a body of water.
a man holding a rope is bending over.
a person in is walkling on the road.
the bottom of the board is visible.
the kite is completely visible.
waves are rolling across the bottom of the screen from right to left of the image.
the performer on stage raises one hand into the air just at the exact same time an audience member raise their hand up in the air in the same direction.
no animals are visible
everything is in his left hand
a woman walks through
the camera pans up to show a hole on the wall.
man and girl kiss each other then man walks away.
people run through crowd towards back
the van passes a green light on the left.
two toy cars are racing down a track.
woman walks out of frame to the left as man enters on right
912 is visble
a faint reflection of a person in the window appears.
a train moves pass a train that is not moving.
the camera moves closer to the object.
a man in a green shirt dances around to the music.
a man with his shirt hanging out of his shirt is seen on the wall.
people leave the grass and begin to walk on the sidewalk.
a person puts their feet up next to the fire.
the camera turns to someone holding a camera
a woman opens her mouth to say something
a person checking his watch
guy in a santa hat walks up the aisle.
a man bends over and two people walk down the beach.
a man waves to the camera.
close up of a still seahorse.
someone walks behind the people banging sticks.
the pole with the curl on the end swings left a bit
we see the alleyway in the backyard
character in white gown lifts arms above head
a title screen is visible on the video.
a white light flickers on the right side of the stand.
the person in pink scratches the top of her head.
the trombone players take a couple steps forward.
the baby starts to laugh.
no one is standing on the road.
girl in white enters
the bottom of the loom is most visible
baby looks at camera and then looks away
zoom in on purple flowers
light in shining through a opening in the ceiling,
a guy in a t-shirt is running his fingers through his hair.
the man turns around and leaves the frame.
the camera pans to show children in a classroom.
we can see the broken ceiling.
baby pushes himself up on two arms then falls.
man looks toward camera
stage lights appear to be spinning to the left
the boat is in the center of the frame
pink diamond changes colors
shaky angle catches wooden fence
a view of the white and metal objects, starting at the top and moving to the bottom and up quickly again.
the guitar playing in the pink jacket dips the neck of the guitar quickly towards the stage and back up again.
person dressed in blue bikes towards the camera.
a man walks from the right of the room to the left.
the ball on the screen spins then flies off.
the little duck at the top is swimming and bobbing in the water.
two people from the band point out into the audience.
a little boy runs back out followed by a woman.
object falls to floor
camera moves left from a deck to a wooded area.
a man in a black shirt and white pants walks past a band.
a man sports a very large grin.
a person opens a bottle just as another sits.
there is a moment where no flags are visible.
the source of the spotlight is visible.
the boy jumps back.
the dog begins to sit.
a red suburban passes behind the man.
this is ted. ted climbed a mountain
the men stand and laugh side by side.
a van travels down a road as traffic passes going the opposite direction
the train engine leaves the frame
kid in green shirt drinking something fast
both dancers spin around at same time
the camera zooms in on the men holding trumpets
two closed, white, doors.
the water is seen splashing the highest.
the screen shifts to show a person on the left on screen at end.
a monkey leaps from the side of a cage to the ground.
woman holds sign out
man backs away from podium
man strokes violin strings for the first time at the very beginning
a seal jumps out of a pool and walks to a corner.
camera zooms in on locomotive
camera pans right to a dock near a body of water
guy runs a smiling buggy into a picnic table.
the man jumps toward the person as they jump backwards
the dog is wagging his tail when he sits down
a man looks left then right as traffic passes
the baby turns around and then looks forward.
the first flash bulb goes off.
you can see the wave created by the boat.
kid in black top and purple pants shoveling snow
the tealight candle is clearly in focus
the tugboat comes into view
smoke appears
woman in life jacket appears
kid focuses on little girl in green shirt who takes off
person at bottom of frame sits down
right side of room is now being shown
the girl covers her face with a book.
you start to see less trees grouped together.
camera focuses on short haired lady with blue jacket on
cracked mud doesn't change
black dog hides under table, white dog stands guard.
man walks partially in front of screen for first time
the boy lands in the water
the first one to make it too the top
face comes into view
woman shakes her head left to right slightly
cat runs between person's legs
child in chair looks down
child stands
camera looks up from floor to view counter for second time
baby balances on both hands for the second time
white fish is most visible
man runs into room through doorway.
the front end of a car comes into view.
camera zooms in on building.
there are no forearms in the frame
person leaving a group
we first see a monitor in the vehicle dashboard
we turn right to see a girl in blue scarf crawling on the snowy ground.
child finally gets free.
a clear image is a glass jar with a flame flickering inside it.
a few kids looking into the water together.
some shurbs slightly blowing in the wind.
the mascots are all together
camera pans towards people on the hill
the man claps once before gesturing to his left.
a man walks out of the frame in the audience.
the sled goes by
red car passes the carriage on the left
colorful bus passes the carriage on the left
person in front holds up their camera
people walk in from other side of the catwalk
camera pans to the right to show boy playing instrument with mouth.
women walk towards camera.
a seal gets knocked off the dock by another seal.
the dolphins throw something high in the air from the pool.
a stage light on the left-hand side turns off screen.
the man sets down the screwdriver.
the camera zooms out from the shore to show more of the sky and the sand and greenery of the beach is visible.
the clip starts by showing a chicken with a brown neck and grey body flap its wings in the center of the screen.
man in bright blue dress shirt walks right passing camera.
players being to line up
a range of tall trees on the left side of the road
the stove in the kitchen is silver.
the cat begins to drink.
no green book in veiw
photo of four men wearing suits
men in bathing suits installation
an elderly person looks directly over her left shoulder.
the man in a red shirt draws a line on the pig.
a woman in a blue shirt walks on camera.
the camera zooms in on a building.
train engine leaves the frame
last cars make the turn
lizard turns away from hole
woman is shown drinking beer
man is shown running in middle
whale swims closer
man comes into view briefly
sea snake comes into view
we pass a white van
glasses in center apear twice
guy in hat close to camra in veiw
rabbit leaves spoon
one of the animals runs off.
the flag is seen on the booth.
the woman grabs a pink item off the floor.
the baton twirlers are the least visible.
the blades begin to spin.
a doorway is visible on the left.
the rear of the bus is seen.
a person runs by the flame.
a woman in a red jacket walks off the screen.
performer is seen raising hands
orange sign first appears.
fence comes into view
big lizard only on white sand
performer is standing with a widened stance
lady walks past girl
dog sniffs camera
blue flag appears for first time
person rolls baby on side
looking out at the water
passing blue truck
the man on the stairs pumps his arms up in the air
a person is walking up the stairs as they film.
a man in black walks off screen.
an umbrella flaps at the top of the screen.
a person on the left crosses their leg.
man in blue approaches stage
directed by nick
tall building almost fills the frame
camera pans right to show guitar player in white shirt.
camera pans to the left.
foil is pulled off hanging basket
man in black shirt is shown taking pictures of sunset
a beautiful lake is shown through hole in house
a woman in a blue long sleeved shirt is talking while moving her hands at the same time.
a child wearing a hat comes into full view.
a woman in a pink hat turns her head.
the yellow bus is in the intersection
yellow motorcycle leaves the frame
camera is shown panning to the left.
right side of door slides open in beginning of video.
the screen is completely black in beginning of video.
post on left shows the least
kid in black moves to other side of kid in black
palm tree in veiw
a man in a red shirt walks past a women with a green shirt and blue scarf.
the christmas tree lights flicker and then turn on.
a kid slaps the seat next to him.
a man in the way finally sits down.
full stage comes into view briefly
climbing stone stairs
first serve
umbrella dips into frame
the crows move for the first time
only spectators can be seen
shows guy in door way
gets on bike
two ducks with green head in veiw
we can see the killer bunny of doom just a bit closer as we zoom a bit
the little child wobbles a bit holding onto the cylinder appliance
a teen in a black t shirt runs in from the top left of the image
the water forms a flower or bowl-like shape
man in white hat at the bottom of the screen moves head to the left then to the right.
stage gets bright.
a man walks in front of the camera.
a person climbs out of a helicopter.
fence in veiw
stays on one lizard
fingers come in veiw
a total of two cyclists pass on the right side of the track.
a blue car stops in front of the cows on the road.
dog is seen laying on floor
the tree falls.
the door on the side of the stage opens.
the cars show their headlights.
second blue dot enters the frame.i
person wearing white shirt climbs on stage
the sign for the ride is completely lit up in beginning of video.
camera zooms in to show man lying on ground.
rabbit hops facing away from the camera.
people walking around the table
woman pulls man from chair
man looks at camera
woman in pink pants exits frame to left
child crawling in snow stands up
rippled sand comes into view
the moment before a dialogue begins.
a man points to his right.
a second performer is clearly seen.
a man and a woman wave while sitting near the river
a spotlight shines during a concert
a man in blue walks toward the stage while people dance.
a vertical view of a building with colored changing windows and no other lights.
a finger pushes the stopped brown car through.
the man in the hat takes something from the other man's hand
the elevator stops at the top.
a woman grabs her head.
pin pokes an electrical board.
person with long sleeve shirt is seen pointing forward.
text on screen fades out in beginning of video.
camera pans to the right to show doorway at end of hallway.
y shaped tree comes into view
first fireworks behind monument
dolphins in the water perform my tossing items very high in the air.
the kid stops banging the drum and looks to her left.
walgreens sign shown
a bunch of bikes followed by a red car.
a girl goes from standing to squatting on the floor.
green screens leave veiw
a vehicle is clearly seen moving to the right.
mass clapping is observed.
flashes
leaf disapears
a man at the podium is talking.
the back of the float is showing.
a baby walks a book over to her parent.
the two men on the right walk off screen.
the man finally swings and hits the ball
the woman is at the lowest part of the steps.
the big dog is on the left of the puppies.
the birds fly by the rail.
the big yellow bus passes thru the intersection
the crane drops a load into the truck.
the starfish is half off the ground.
a man stands on the table.
the most pink firework explodes.
person waving white flag in a circle
camera pans and a bridge comes into view
person holding camera blocks singer's face
stage lights change color
man puts on blindfold
man attempts to smack pinata
man successfully smacks pinata
man takes a shot of alcohol
woman wearing light green passes by
woman puts both hands towards her chest
a photo of 4 men in suits standing on podium with till badet on the bottom.
skier passes camera
train engine passes through frame
image on big screen changes from woman at podium to a vehicle
a hippo splashing water
two people come into view
skaeboarder in white leaves frame
the purple lights first turn to blue
the lights only alternate between green and blue now
the green pole moves
camera zooms in on man on stage.
baby climbs last step.
yellow car passes the camera.
person presses button and green light appears
first time green light blinks twice.
man in white shorts walks toward camera and out of frame
person performing surgery point index finger at wound.
man in white shirt swinging left left arm while walking away.
a person walks in front of the camera.
two people are walking between graves.
the people begin to applaud.
man points at book.
people begin to run.
man begins to pet animal.
a small white chicken briefly runs across a yard.
two china girls clearly show faces
people with stroller walk by
boat in veiw
there is a long sustained blast of fireworks from white to green
man spends time with the frets at the top of the guitar
the woman switches on a pipe that releases steam
the camera pans left to show a man.
the snake moves its head to the right.
a pickup truck is shown in the beginning of video.
hands clapping and waving a pointing finger in front of a concert.
a clip of only grass with a shadow lurking to the side.
yellow flowers in the windy fog on a grassy mountainside.
we see the bottom of the slide.
the man's cigarette is visible.
a sideways video is turned right side up again.
a car passes an eighteen wheeler.
the little girl picks up the drum.
the camera zooms in.
a tree falls to the grass.
palm trees being blown by the wind.
guy touchs top of rock
guy with no shirt leaves
guy in front bows
first car makes the turn
the background on stage changes
the excavator makes its first scoop, and turns toward right of frame
first firework
man holds arms out to sides
a player in blue looks around near home.
close up of white sweirly thing
train almost gone
blue sign in veiw
we see people on blue life rafts
a man with a red cap appears and we then see another man
video zooms out.
child is shown looking back over their shoulder.
camera pans down to show man with dog.
animal looks away from camera
confederate flag is in view
light over persons shoulder appears blue
zoom out from band
first camera flash
dice get shaken furiously
a turtle swims, making big arm movements
woman steps away from boy
man with headphones sits down
a fish barely jumps out of the water.
a man pointing at the words irish citizen on his tshirt.
the man sits down.
the child begins to ride the scooter.
person carrying camera stops walking and shows the view from their point-of-view.
exerciser raises arms above head
the side mirror is in view
the girl in pink disappears from view
we zoom out from the art piece
men start pulling something raising something up from a tree
a happy dog flips over onto his back.
a man in a dark grey shirt and an olive green safari hat.
man opens mouth wide
crucifix pendant comes into view
a second man comes into view
we pass a man as he gets on his bike
the man on stage sits down
this young man is scratchinb his light brown hair.
the man in the gray sweatshirt watches his son play at the park.
an eye blinks.
a man in a red shirt is first fully revealed.
a large green-tinted screen becomes the center of attention
camera pans to the right and then back to the left.
man shown side stepping across screen in front of camera.
camera fades into view.
a lady hops off the screen.
the speaker pretends to scratch his head.
the man in the gray hoodie enters the scene.
a rat scurries across the screen quickly.
yellow van with trailer starts to back up
man takes drink
person in striped shirt appers
person in black walking down stairs
car in veiw
the man shakes the bottle of champagne
the man in the orange shirt walks off camera.
you can see a bridge
the slides of an empty playground are shown.
a man shows the writing on his hand with a lit cigarette.
a plane enters the frame from the right
no part of window is visible
left and rear of scooter
engine enters frame
looks back
guitar player bouncing up and down
drives by green sign
person sits down in front of crowd
island leaves the frame
penguin enters tunnel with hose
a finger touches the screen
woman looks to the left and opens her mouth wide
camera pans to ferris wheel above
girl standing on the right claps her hands
girl on the right puts her hands up in the air
a man in a brown shirt points to r2's front.
the first pair of feet are seen in the background.
giant flag comes into view
only sky and water can be seen
man in black exits frame left
guy in grey shirt walks by
gets briter at end
girl closes to camra
big bird flies away
boy in purple shakes his hand
boy in green looks over his shoulder at camera
crowd'
blinking lights above stage are first seen
a hand comes into view
little girl runs toward camera for the first time
some skiers are seen.
camera pans to the left to show a girl drinking.
camera zooms in to show a man jumping.
camera pans to the right.
a baby drops some food from his mouth and picks it up and puts it back in.
white vehicle drives by
crane turns right then turns left again
man adjusts his headphones
person with wristwatch puts down his hand
man keeps his hands together
a brown liquid added to a mixing vat
a white car drives past behind the fountain.
we are able to see the crowd on the left.
a person steps onto, and walks on the platform.
two adult feet are briefly visible
lady begins to talk.
the camera pans to the right to show man sitting on a couch.
the image of a person warming their hands in front of a fire that is made out of lights appears on screen.
second kid starts to swim
stairs in veiw
the waves of the ocean can be clearly seen
starting with the man in the brown coat the whole row of slot machine players are shown.
a man makes a good catch.
pole moves through frame
boy in striped sweater grabs dice and shakes them.
we pan past the ambulance to the beige building
the train has passed and the little boy who needs a haircut takes some steps right
the camera backs away from the tree.
the man hands the computer to a young woman.
the child smiles into the camera
main stage light turns on
the video clip starts with a red object visible in the center of the screen then pans left and a car is visible driving along the road.
as the car pulls into a driveway the recording device is panned so that the sign with blue writing and a blue border is seen the entire time till the recording stops.
woman talking on her phone can be seen in the left portion of the video turn around and start walking in the opposite direction from which she was initially going.
grabs guitar and starts to play
ground first apears
campfire burns
view of a lake at dusk.
ride leaves the platform as man in green shirt pulls a large lever.
as the tall man is getting ready to throw the pitch, a strange red and black camera obscures the view.
a green and empty stall on the left comes into view.
the boy misses the first pitch
white van comes into view
boy stands
camera passes a man in a bike.
the camera zooms out as two people kiss.
green shirt in veiw
girl takes mic
woman in red is nearest camera
mama dog peeks over left side of dog bed
birds fly away
a flag fades to a black screen with a lense flare and the words hepp.se
a man touches a small boat.
a foggy screen and a metal pole emerges.
no animals slide down the ramp.
plane starts moving from runway
a lot of people in the crowd begin clapping
band members pump fists into the air
people begin to take off on an amusement park ride
the moment that the creature darts across the street at lightning speeds.
a little girl with white flower headband walks by.
a puppy laying on mans chest turns and licks his arm.
man adjust puppy that is laying on his chest
black dog moves head back and forward really fast.
lightning in the sky can be seen.
the camera is turned on and the man begins to play the guitar
the fireworks really start to take off in the background
a large flock of birds is shown in the sky
tennis racquet pops up
a child is playing with a toy and shakes his hands in excitement.
there is a large pine tree behind the house in the center of the frame
the dog starts moving forward and left while still sniffing the ground
the red lights are bombarded with green
show guy
steps up with left leg
guy clapping
camra looks down at momma dog
a dog is sitting just before the trainer has him jump over the bar set.
a blue doormat sits in front of a door.
smoke appears.
the man in the green shirt is shown.
the gondola passes
woman in purple hat turns to film the camera with her phone
a blue vehicle approaches the buffalo crossing the road.
a second photographer partially comes into view in the left of the frame
ducks swim by front to back in a neat straight row.
small brown structure comes into view
a man in white walks by in the background while appearing to take a drink.
the ball first enters play.
the camera man points the camera to himself.
the platform of dancers is not shown at all.
the view pans so that people are shown.
the view pans so that there is more land showing than water.
red jeep passes carriage
first models walking in opposite direction appear
the girl jumps up and down.
people are walking from a white house.
the boy passes by a second time.
the dog turns around.
the camera begins to follow a plane.
the camera zooms in on the grill.
the man in the red hat is standing by a woman.
the moment when the ship is in view of the camera.
the moment when the pigs go into their cages.
the man's green jacket is shown.
the woman in the red shirt takes the microphone.
we turn all the way right to see inside the kitchen.
guy waves at crowd
close up of arrow
kid looks up
man bends to pick something up.
cat paws at something inside the left side of the laundry
hasidic man walks with a child from left to right
the grayish truck reverses all the way from right to left to back into the black truck
woman comes into frame
land first comes into view
turtle leaves the green tray
woman in gray crosses frame
man in short black sleeves pumps fist into the air near camera
the buildings disappear and there is only sky remaining.
the camera zooms in
the crowd on the bottom floor is shown.
a white car drives past in the background.
man in red vest touches a huge bunny
pitcher throws the ball
a car passes on our left
little kid runs into the room
a pole enters the frame from the left
nothing but beach from left to right.
a girl hold up two fingers while preparing vegetables.
a man shaking his hands many times in front of his face.
boy do cartwheels toward each other
stival is seen in lights for the first time
singer dances all the way left across the stage the first time
the flying robot gets up near the ceiling for a few seconds.
the other camel pops his head into view for a bit
man in white shirt runs left across stage
man in chicken suit leaves frame
came lifts head and turns toward camera
tv turns from orange and green to blue static
a man turns and sticks out his tongue.
dogs enter the frame
sparks are flying
person singing shows up on giant screen
man sits down
man puts on glasses
man talks to the camera
kids get up and run in front of fire performer
a phone is seen being raised as it captures video.
a child hand is pushed through and out of the end of a box.
man in red top comes into view
no hand or tissue
baby looks at its empty left hand
a man in a white cap walks towards the back
the strange shape turns pinkish and begins to wiggle
man climbs another step up ladder
the man with the beard is close to the camera
bikes with wheel lights come into view
a man pulls a wedge from a large ball of dough.
front of marching band leaves camera view
camera pans towards river
car is visible
people leave frame
white shirt cyclist passes camera
single truck shown driving into camera view.
the grill lid is opened.
a table swings in front of the camera.
flag appears to go down and then come back up
pole is close
another man in blue pops up
light gets much brighter suddenly
cat lying on back with head toward bottom of frame looking at camera
structure leaves veiw
guy in yellow shirt takes it off
a domed roof building leaves the frame as we see a oceanside village.
the end of a train.
we find a young man staring upwards at the billboards
a woman in a dress puts her hands over her ears.
a car passes a green road sign.
a second cat jumps onto the bed
dough is placed in a pan of oil.
fire in veiw
guy pulls lever
put head on snowman
whit stick disapears from scean
stays in one side
guard rail leaves scean
performers walk up the stairs
woman with red hair is shown
the light in the room brightens
the jelly fish turns from purple to green.
the light shift from green to red.
a plane is moving in the background.
second cat arrives
dough ball in spoon
we pan past a man with fuzzy black hair and white t shirt standing close to the camera
a second straw enters here.
kid goes backwards
a woman in a pink jacket walks by.
camera zooms in on writing on computer.
orange flames underneath rocket
a persons hand is seen touching kitten.
camera pans to show girl flashing hand at camera.
camera pans to the right to show person in white shirt sitting down.
first camera flashes can be seen
woman can be seen spinning on left of stage
someone walks close to camra
other puppies are shown
board changes color to purple
the tv screen goes from orange to blue.
the woman's hands are in view and clasped the whole time.
a person wearing a red jacket walks by.
first green fireworks
boy puts his feet on the floor
a closer view of the mast
a man steps in front of anchor woman on tv
boy runs back towards camera and dogs cross frame
camera zooms out from woman
cat bumps nose against toy
a man with a bag decides to stop and watch.
the scale display can't be seen anymore.
a red wheel or disc is observed.
a small figure descends from the ceiling
a man appears sitting at a table
woman in red top walks through frame
camra goes to trucks
dog steps only with front feet
puts head in water first time
red apears first time
man in black shirt does not have the stick
girl is black and yellow jacket is given a plate of food by the guy in wooden house
the video clip starts with a building structure and 'y' shaped tree on the right side of the screen before the camera starts to zoom in.
you can visibly see a finger of the person recording the clip as they pan from right to left after a red car passes.
camera zooms in on man next to rock.
camera moves towards balcony and pans down on trees.
skater almost falls over from a failed trick
dancers turn to face another direction
the girl in the pirate hat begins flicking the water with the spoon.
first fish view
fork in the road is seen
crawls up to camra
lighting flases
guy reaches up stretching
three blue light in veiw
arrow sign in compleat veiw
passes a sign
a part of the sky above is shown.
a man in a red jacket puts on a santa claus hat.
a woman in a purple kimono spins in a circle.
hands reach up from bottom of the frame and clap
animal is barely visible in frame at all
reaches top of stairs
camera flashes can be seen
a child in white shirt walks by in the background
man in green approaches red car and points off screen
baby has fist in mounth
man walks past stage
a women in shorts walks past a little girl.
a dog sniffs the camera and then sniffs her puppies.
person shown not lifting wood.
child reaches bottom of stairs and stands.
the camera pans down and to the right.
camra zooms out
a large yellow bus crosses an intersection.
man in red shirt moves his head to the right
picture on wall is visible.
camera zooms down to hands
a person appears from behind the building.
man in hat flips violin and starts playing it.
drummer starts drummin'.
hey, it's a firetruck'
a flash of lightning'
one quick hop from branch to branch.
child shown twirling around to face camera.
the camera pans down and to the right to shown man wearing beanie hat.
the man to the right is seen wiping his brow.
a large green tree is shown.
a lone runner wearing red and green quickly runs by.
the parachute begins spinning counter clockwise.
a white man wearing a black shirt is talking.
yellow banner or flag come in veiw
camera moves back from tree.
man hands laptop to women.
one person marches to the left.
the nurse writes in his notebook.
we can see the large scree on the left.
the player on the right puts his hand on the table.
the red item blocks part of the view.
we are able to see the green booth.
the man in the blue jacket moves the black pole.
woman touches her head
woman in purple top turns and walks away
something white is poured onto the thing
center stage rims with green
a fence comes into view
woman in green comes into view
the bird in the rear is only visible when flapping it's wings.
we see the crowd in the conference room
a camera flashes for the first time
a man can be seen on giant screen on the left
man in red shirt comes into view
person apears
waiter walks by
guy in red hooie in veiw
video clip ends focused on large snow covered tree.
you can visibly see the woman's hand at the beginning of the video clip.
a person with blond hair is sitting down in front of their laptop.
someone is using a knife to cut into some type of food.
men jump from platform to floor
harmonica player uncrosses legs
yellow fire truck enters frame and leaves frame to the left
person crosses from right to left in front of flare
woman in red jacket crosses from left to right
gitl in green not in scean
blue sky only
pumpkins on a stick
people walk by on the right side of the performance area
a person is spinning a hula hoop around his arm
the moment a flag with an orange shape on the bottom passes by the camera.
we turn into a driveway with a blue and white sign
person with blue umbrella comes into view
woman kneels
bottom of machine is shown
man squats down
man in red shirt walks in front of camera
breakdancer picks up his hat
clouds are visible
beach is visible
the man quickly covers his mouth after laughing
the sweet doggie gets a treat and his head scratched
the band all dances up and down together
person in orange top comes into view
camera zooms out on man playing guitar.
person holding something on the left comes into view
girls begin pulling drape up
child walks behind the drapes
man adjust camera before touching guitar
fireworks begin
mountains come into view
a kid in red hat turns to the camera and smiles.
fence comes into view
we pass a white van
bride lifts bouquet
the man in light blue stands up from the floor.
the sky brightens up.
a man springs to life from standing still to playing the drums.
a dark scene switches quickly to the image of a flashing fire truck.
a tree in the wind and rain with a flash of lightning.
a lady goes in for a kiss on the cheek.
a father drops his daughter.
man bursts out in laughter
dog and the owner hold hands
owner pats dog on the head
dog walks under the table
balding man walks by the camera
right side up
woman's face comes into view
red, green, blue
pass a boy in blue shirt on the right
a hand enters the frame
four people are near the water.
the boy with the yellow flags isn't visible the whole shot.
blue and orange flag comes into view
a man holding a camera is seen.
the baby turns and looks to the right very quickly.
camera pans to the left to show a woman with blonde hair wearing a blue shirt.
a total of 3 cars are passed.
an engine of a train passes out of view.
white dog on green grass comes into view
zoom out from the surf
lights begin to flash in a different pattern.
a group of people walk into the area.
kid in orange scratches his arm
man in jean shorts shoots passing train
we see the beautiful view outside the window
child in blue shorts does a twist off the diving board.
person in black coat ascends staircase.
girl with braces speaks to camera
last red flag
looks up from tire
skier passes by camera and continues downward
first (red) train car passes by the camera
people walk in front of the camera
car drives by slowly in the front of the auditorium
camera flash is first seen
woman in blue shorts bend over at the waist
trees come into view
a black pencil comes into view
we see motes of light from the window as we follow down the machine.
the man opens his arms across and turns to our left.
oval object in backgrand
camera pans to the top of a building
person in red shirt is beginning to exit.
two white wristbands are visible on the person in the red shirt.
camera turns from the man playing the guitar to woman playing guitar
camera turns to white house
two sets of white light can be seen in two different houses.
food is visible in this screen.
commercial then cartoons resume on the tv in the backgfround
abird on the ground moving quickl, in a sunny day.
two people pulling the rope.
a flap of meat is fully peeled back.
a screwing motion is observed.
a person on a bike, dressed in back, rides by to the left.
woman puts on blindfold
people are swinging their feet
a silver pickup truck drives by
red fire hydrant is visible
conductor is the focus of the screen
we see the whole group come into view
we pan right from the cliff's edge.
zoom in to the baby's foot
a man in costume is organizing a table and then reaches over to the right side with his left hand.
boys face comes into view
climber steps up with left leg
mama is shown sleeping next to puppies in their bed
woman in green shirt enters frame
man with glasses comes into view
man in red shirt approaches stage
the car starts to rotate.
someone starts tickling the baby with the hand visible.
four baby ducks swim through the water.
skier passes camera
rider looks up
a woman walks into the room.
man with red shirt seen walking in the front of the line.
a woman in pink stockings leaves the screen.
horses enter the screen.
second vehicle approaching on the side of the train tracks.
only the word here is visible.
pinkish white lights come on as the singer starts the song
two large fish swim together from the upper right corner
the man shakes his head wildly.
a book is sitting on the table.
a bug flies away from the flower.
the plane becomes visible.
car in veiw
lighting gets brighter
woman sits down
large screen shows what appears to be the crowd
the water is seen moving beneath the bridge.
the chef is only focused on texting.
kid turns page
person in pink run by
puppy that was looking up falls over
man points to people leaving area
people go under colorful rope
other people are seen walking around rural building
people and performer start clapping
camera pans to the left to show a tree branch.
firework passes camera then explodes.
camera pans to the right to shoe people on balcony of building.
there are two signs, each of which are focused in on.
a camera flash goes off multiple times.
the scene changes from a body of water to a beach.
the black bottom of two posts can be seen.
the train's engine is seen.
zoomed into guy in black
blades start to spin
a view at a concert turns to a side screen and a colorful light display
a man in an orange shirt wipes his face and turns to walk away with a woman
an old woman points ahead and then scratches her ear.
a man exits stage right and runs back onto the stage.
a young person sets down a red sheet of paper.
a little girl walks over to a trash can.
first lense flare
woman steps up and behind white square thing
parent steps backward out of frame
blue car comes into view
tower-like rock formation comes into view
a decorated christmas tree is shown
cat drinks from water faucet
a women shaking an item in her hand very fast.
a man hands over a piece of paper and then exits the stage.
hoodie falls of little boy from dancing
hole in coral comes into view
repeller reaches the floor
hand opens door
a black obstruction appears in top left corner
we come to a stop
the boat passes a white building.
a car drives past the people.
only the climber can be seen
the boy stands
the man takes a bow
camera pans left towards the trees
firework shoots right by and explodes
a 3rd dot shows up
man in crowd spins in circles and dances crazily
first emergency vehicle arrives
second emergency vehicles arrive
man in green shirt follows emergency worker
person opens up oven lid
woman holds up two fingers
dogs pull a sled with a smiling man.
a man drops something
a hand holding a camera in front of the ocean.
a man in a blue and white hat moves his head around in a rapid motion.
a large streak of brown stuff spirals down the hole
man in hat is bent over
truck drives through frame
three cars pass on our left
the engine exits the frame
the floating creature on the right is shown.
a flood light illuminates the stage.
the white car in the parking lot is visble.
the person puts the screwdriver on the table.
there is a girl in yellow running by.
there is an american flag.
a marching band is walking down steps.
in the last screen, a man in white stands up and walks away
the pitcher throws the all a second time
the dog handler gets the cute dog to jump over the gate
a green box appears on screen.
girl rises her tennis racket from the ground.
shirt less man and others make a scooping motion with their instruments.
fireworks first appear.
'noel' can be read.
a group of guys are jumping down off a platform.
little girl looks into the camera for the first time
arm comes into view
fireworks begin
noel
the man puts on a christmas hat.
there is a woman wearing glasses.
a baby falls of a dog.
man darts past camera
girl is farthest from camera
man in helmet points down stream
a black flower pot on its side comes into view
man with pink bag comes into view
silver pickup truck passes through framer
the conductor on the screen in the distance waves his arms
zoom into the ship.
in this video we dont see the ground shake in the frame
a concert is happening on a bright stage when a man in a dark shirt walks directly in front of the camera.
child's hood falls off
train passes by
yellow truck turns
girl put her hand up to her face at end of video.
brown dog is no longer visible.
red car zooms by then a train passes.
camera pans up to signs with lights.
normal to white screen
the insanely cute kitten gets up dragging the yellow toy over to the board
the kitten falls off the board with its toy in a ball because it's too cute.
we see a man in gray with a camera who is smiling
there is a beautiful glittering skull art scull-pture installation (no pun intended) before we pan away
reptile takes his head out of the rocks and begins to walk away
guitarist/vocalist bobs his head back and forth
the least amount of clouds fill the sky.
a baby pumps both arms multiple times.
wooden stool sitting on table comes fully into view
the guy takes off his yellow shirt and has a blue one underneath.
a snowy mountain comes into view
a woman looking through a microscope lifts her head up and quits looking through the microscope.
the words tidying up appear.
the moment that the camera pans to the trail on the mountain.
boy stops rocking the horse and is looking at camera
girl starts to make a face with her hands
girl picks up something and eats it
girl puts hand on wall
the clips shows multiple people walking along a path across the other side of the pond.
a black screen fades to a bright sunny day with trees.
a view of the coast with helicopter blades above.
a kid walks up onto the stage.
man raises hands above head
focuses on boy playing with bug
two rolling robots crash into each other.
walking through an automatic sliding door.
the man gets on his knees.
camera pans right.
white vehicle on the right hand side.
two people are standing side by side on the right.
baby hits piano
a baby pushes a toy cart
top of straw hat comes into view
wheels spin
trombone player comes into view
lady with black hair in scean
spin girl around
man touches left side of computer
a baby in pink is running with a green and white book in hand.
a fallen road sign is visible
old woman shakes something in her hand
man leaves stage to the left
woman in red leaves stage to the right
the referee wearing red runs toward the group of players.
the baby stops walking toward the camera and starts looking at the dog.
the moment when the little girl pulls the toy to the side of brick sidewalk.
the camera starts zooming in on the fireworks
the girl with the blue hat gets down on the floor
the pictures all load at the same time after viewing a single one
people shake hands about.
a single train travels towards the right
two trains pass by each other in opposite directions
girl puts object to her forehead
guitar player headbangs and is making crazy body movements
squirrel begins moving closer to the man
squirrel runs away from man
screen fades in from black
man finishes putting table together.
woman twirls in circles.
the mother steps out of the basket.
a penguin seems to slip a little on the rock.
the camera shakes as the camers zoom by.
the man with sunglasses shakes his head.
the person takes his first bite.
the bears start to fight.
the end of the train is shown.
the camera flips from vertical to horizontal.
a person takes a picture of a fire.
we see a faint flash of lighting
the camera holder switches sides
little girls rubs her eye
the green dragon backs up
terrorizing individual kisses cat.
this is the first time we spot a bright reflection of the sky.
close up of man hitting the drum and man in white turns.
a camera flash on the left side of the frame.
one last dog runs by alone.
little girl in pink dress clapping
dog runs away out of view
screen fades in from black
only screen is visible
white shirt walks off screen
statue comes into view
the cat first stands up
the individual is shown holding his glasses with his thumb and forefinger.
camera pans back and forth
a bunch of yellow leaves come into picture.
the two people on the podium hug.
man playing guitar stops and looks at camera.
car becomes visible
cars go across bridge
the ride is going up
orange cone on the road.
man wearing black shirt and green hat stands up.
people shoot something off ground.
smoke shoots up and away.
a woman in magenta cuts the cake.
a large sunny patch of grass disappears.
camera spans right to show big white sign.
red adidas shirt backs up
person and dog walk in front of camera
black car goes off to the right.
the green traffic light comes into view.
the top of a blonde woman's head, is seen at the bottom of the screen.
flashing lights completely exit screen
ladybug flies off knee
back off boys head
hand with two fingers up
lady with black and white striped shirt goes by ballon cart
person turns to their left
the two planes fly overhead.
the camera zooms in on the girls.
two deer are butting heads.
the person wearing sunglasses first starts talking to the cameraman
the guitarist on stage raises their right hand
the end of a chopped log comes into view
man in green shirt walks by
phone in cupholder of car
bird zooms by camera.
little yellow man is tired of this nonsense and leaves.
the cage is opened here.
hey, it's the sun' don't stare at it'
a person takes a photo with a camera.
the woman puts her hand on her face.
the camera moves past the blue boat.
man in white coat walks by
woman's crack is briefly visible
man moves away from rc plane before it starts moving
rc plane lifts off into the sky
rc plane is flying
sun disappears behind the mountains
city lights are turning on
waitress in orange serves drinks
chess player makes a move
there are two cats and one leaves the frame.
a white image scrolls off the screen on stage and an orange image scrolls on, then the orange image disappears
the tip of the tower lights up.
child slides down slide
bookcase becomes visible
camera pans back to man in black
dog stands still
people walk by the baby alligator.
man comes into view
boy walks away
train comes into view
the waves crash upon a lonely soul.
awww, the purple went away'
there is some real intense conducting happening on that screen down there.
a man in a hat stands in admiration at the the finish line.
the guitar player grabs the camera.
people are first seen walking.
the man turns the cloth over.
the girl touches her hair.
red flare can be seen
the man turns to look at the screen.
the man in white moves his right hand.
the man in black shorts sneezes and steps off stage
the plaid person strolls by.
a red arm is slightly, yet quickly raised.
puppy tackles other puppy.
white steam shoots up
train comes into view
people walk in front of stage
black car leaves frame
a larger building first comes in to view.
the woman in the passenger's seat can be seen striking her thigh for the first time.
the person on stage begins moving their legs to the music.
a person with a bright yellow shirt walks by in the foreground.
the person rolls the pen toward the camera and grabs it.
players run onto field
person pushing stroller enters from left view.
man crosses in front of camera ' camera pans left
white van drives on the left side o the screen
train comes from the left
skier goes past camera and over the hill out of view
a person in a red helmet rides by quickly.
person pushing a stroller with a orange cover is visible
yellow clothed people first appear in the parade
red clothed people first appear in the parade
close up shot of drummer appears momentarily in game
drummer is visible in game
singer is the focus in game
person's right elbow is in the middle of the screen
the person walks away from the fire pit.
the man first starts waving his arms up and down.
the camera first pans to the children lined up across the front.
woman pushes a child in a stroller pass the dancing people
person sticks their hand in an automatic dryer.
two people walk in front of the band.
the front of the train passes the camera.
the skier goes out of the picture.
boat comes into view from left side.
the car starts to skid sideways.
the cat sits down.
the cameraman moves away from the circle of people.
a young boy rides down the slide.
a man takes a bow.
the nursery building comes into view.
beams of light shoot straight up in the air.
the child runs to the doorway.
lights float in from the right.
a building gets farther away.
the train leaves the station.
the camera moves from the beach to the water.
plane takes off
the camera goes from the water to the people.
the person in light blue starts to walk away.
the man finishes adjusting his tie and moves his hands down in front of him
the man moves out of view of the camera as it pans to the right
the first cyclists arrive into view
cars drive by
a blue motorcycle passes right in front of the camera
man stops pushing sled
person in light green beanie runs off screen
person serves pizza
server serves pizza to man opposite of cameraman
server serves pizza to cameraman
tree leaves frame
woman in yellow walks through
the person with the backpack and blue hat begins explaining something with their hands.
we see a very small child reach toward the back of the person's head who is singing with a mic.
the camera moves to someone working a cash register.
a blue and yellow fish swims by the camera.
a person wearing red moves past.
zoom in to see sea lion dive under water.
waiter picks up pink napkin
brake lights flash
a child in black walks quickly.
the remote control plane rolls down the grass.
green and red flag is visible
no sky visible
the moment when the baby opens his mouth.
the camera is completely zoomed in, and pans toward the water
a knife enters the frame and cuts the object, spilling its contents
yep, that's a rock alright.
i wonder what's in this red bucket over here.
i can't see no people no more'
guy in vest raises hands
camera man moves away from red bird and we don't see it again.
a blue tarp is covering something.
the deer lifts his head and walks forward
'290 mulberry new york, new york'. i can read'
i can see more grass than i can city.
individual orange adjusts in their seat.
red car goes by
camera pans left
man kneels down
the moment when the cat begins attacking the person's foot.
the child begins looking down past the wheel.
the moment when the blue trashcans come into view.
child shakes their head and puts rest of food in their mouth
a person in a red shirt steps inside of the ball
the ferret drags the blue hot water bottle away
the camera begins to turn to the left
a red fire truck is shown.
a woman in black nods and says no, and then laughs.
neon signage can be observed.
a hand makes initial contact with a globe.
scan to view inside van.
camera scans left to view trees.
person's hand is shown
we can see the stairs
2 people sitting
4th man from right waves clipboard
picks up magazine and drops on screen
woman dances with her towel.
plane flies over water
momma licks her baby
the figure on the left makes what looks like swimming motions with both arms.
someone comes up behind the main figure and appears to hit them in the head.
man wearing burgundy touches his face.
man wearing black shirt with long black hair touches his hair.
second man brings his arrow up from the ground.
the cat swipes at the screen with its right paw
the elderly couple wave at the camera
the man closest to the camera is seen shrugging at someone
the bridge in the distance is first seen
cat licks paw.
the camera moves away from the lizard and then back to it.
a red car passes the camera.
the man takes his hand off the camera.
the person buried in sand is fed.
a map of the location is seen.
a car drives under the screen.
a man in a white hat is talking.
man dries hands.
man in crowd is clapping
clapping man in crowd sits down
person on court skates towards the crowd and disappears off the right side
killer whale makes a splash near the crowd
girl on the left looks up and scratches her nose
video shows the word iq followed by the toyota logo
person wearing red passes by the screen
the moment when the lizard begins to burrow.
a red suv passes very quickly on the road.
the man furrows his eyebrows with a n angry look.
the chef begins rolling the food
the girl looks toward her left.
a man is putting paper in a printer
a womans hair is blowing in the wind
the woman is singing in the wind
a man pops up and scares the mouse
zooming in on a singer at a concert
the camera zooms in on the writing.
the camera begins to move right over the city.
the girl in blue sits up.
the car starts to accelerate.
a child stands up.
the kitty bites at the human thumb.
after taking two steps backwards, a person turns around.
inside of van shown only
red lights come on
red light can be seen
a train passes in front of the camera
camera slightly zooms on wetlands
cat looks at the camera and lays down
first red firework explodes
the man on stage swings himself to the left, then back again.
a man is walking his bike in front of the building in the background.
the center of the spotlight is seen at the bottom left.
dolphin jumps out of water
dog leaves frame
man in red plays guitar
man walks by firetruck
logo is on screen
boy in red pats the girl on the back
glass of beer ' a glass of wine
girl in background walks into camera view
animal moves across couch
a little girl in blue shirt in chair
lights come on
man is clapping in front of camera
the train goes out of the view.
the moment when the bald headed man with two bags sits down.
the moment when we see 'oups'' displayed on the screen.
the girl completely exits the slide
the boy never touches the ground
the man exits the vehicle
the robot walks closely past the camera
a girl is pointing up to the left
a hand can be seen pushing the child for the first time
rays of sunlight is seen as the camera moves toward the left
the child kicks the ball back to the man
the moment we first see the older man with a blue shirt
person bends down
person's hands are moving up and down
person in audience touches head.
a person in a white shirt and suspenders can be seen
other people can be seen behind the dancing child
the child claps for the first time
a man carries a ball after kicking it for a second time.
a woman pats the head of a beige colored dog.
camera pans right to show mostly water
man reaches the top of the rock
cat starts licking the other cat
gerbil runs around his enclosure
the ocean slips completely out of view.
the man backs away from the tree
the man shifts in his seat
two girls hug
the bird jumps
the camera zooms in and focuses on cones beneath a bus
the person can be seen walking down the trail with the dogs
the german shepherd does downward dog (stretches, tail in the air).
nobody claps.
the woman in the red coat wipes her mouth.
a fan is holding up his arm.
the woman pulls out a piece of paper.
a woman comes in and goes near the screen.
the camera moves away from camera.
the person walks by holding the bag.
the camera goes to the lake.
girl leaves frame
man opens mouth
camera jerks around
man exits the frame backwards.
camera spans right to view mountains.
a crew rowing crosses quickly in the foreground.
the baby pauses to take a long look back.
the robot stops repeating the lifting motion and pauses
one of the animals crawls toward the camera
car makes a very fast 360 spin
car drives closer to the audience
woman in middle puts hands on pants briefly
child drops magnet sticker
camera person's hand briefly waves in front of the screen
land leaves frame
woman in red headscarf
momma dog's leg moves
downstream is revealed.
man with backwards red cap stands up.
the dark vehicle makes a fast left turn.
person in wheelchair throws out arms.
momma dog licks the baby
man in chair scoots forward
singer starts clapping
remote controlled machines crash into each other
little girl walks back to woman
man on left screen in green shirt ' khaki shorts turns toward the train
a white sign with writing is shown.
man shakes cup
penguins are swimming.
the guitar player beats his leg and the camera zooms in.
a kangaroo hops by in the front.
we shift from viewing the snow on the deck toward the two buildings in the background
the moment when the light changes from purple to clear.
when the camera moves from viewing the water to the walkway on the bridge.
woman in black shirt exits frame.
camera zooms to right to show tree.
person's left hand in closest to the black piece on the guitar neck.
the little girl scratches the back of her head.
the larger dog tries to sniff the person's foot.
woman places down purse
no wind turbines are shown
the lead singer faces us the entire time
man in blue adjusts his hat
the moment when the toy airplane fly from the left to the right closest to the camera.
the moment when the child first puts his hand into his mouth.
a hooligan walks backwards.
look at this tough guy's face.
two cars taking off in a drag race
man spins around on tightroope
the person in black walks right and turns back.
a large truck rides in the background.
the top of the pumpkin is taking off.
the shadow of the camera man can be seen.
a man wearing blue walk by.
yellow leaves come into frame
girl hugs other girl
boy runs on screen
girl shakes head
bear lifts head.
camera zooms in to view fish.
red car enters and exits frame.
camera goes close up
black and white kitten first visible
brown kitten walks by a pole towards the corner
bird flies off perch to eat food thrown by man
bird flies back to perch
man in black beanie moves out of the way of the camera
person wearing blue and grey jacket is recording
puppy almost escapes crib
little black car exits frame.
camera turns upward.
child bends down
a road is seen to the right.
what does flip
dog leaves window
only bald headed man is in video
smoke first appears.
a person starts to point.
the boy gets splashed and begins to run.
the girl takes her first bite of the cupcake.
a purple light can be seen.
the person in orange walks out of view.
the woman touches her ear.
a person in a red shirt crossed the street.
two para gliders coasting along
bike rider in red leads the race
the map changes
woman jumps in the pool
bird flies by
he taps his mouth.
we can't see any lights on these two occasions.
as blue turns to red.
only black and white cat
man throws food and bird flies down
can see the playen
the camera moves left toward the field.
the claw reaches into the water.
the camera goes from the dog to the people.
the man on the left sitting down looks up.
the person playing guitar waves his right arm.
the camera turns from the fields to the road.
white car crosses in front of camera
bicycle rider crashes in a race
the tube man stops moving for a brief moment.
the man wearing the red kerchief slaps the other man's hand only once.
the kite does a quick swirl.
the instructor moves toward the screen and then back to the podium.
the camera moves quickly to a woman with a bag on her head.
the hand place the item under the machine.
man stands up
focuses on computer animation
car drives by green and white sign
children sit down in circle.
red car zooms by.
a close-up of the baby's face is shown
the person with a black shirt walks to the back of the crowd.
something is removed from the box.
two jellyfish collide, knocking one into the camera.
a woman jogs by.
two white flashes in quick succession.
camera person walks left.
the camera moves up to focus on the company logo.
the infant doll opens it's mouth very wide.
the moment when the second person comes into view.
the moment when the dog sneezes.
the camera goes away from the sheet of paper.
the lights go from red to yellow.
two birds swim alone
a person in a green vest can be seen in a blue structure
spot lights can be seen
there is a mushroom visible on a tree
child howls
owl turns head quickly
x flashes on screen
the camera gets to a seat on the ride.
the camera shows a black duck.
the ladybug flies away from the person's knee.
the white car begins moving again after coming to a stop.
something black comes into frame on the left.
camera zooms in on the turtles.
waitress enters frame.
hand enters and exits frame.
calico cat does flip
man and woman on screen
boy sliding down slide
the dancers clap
baby holds head up and kicks it's feet
a hersheys kiss fades from out of focus to focus.
a trail comes in to view.
a woman with a bicycle comes in to view.
a laptop screen disappears from view.
the children hug.
a bird hops onto the branch in the back of the cage.
a dealer picks something off the table.
the distance spanning the creek is shown.
the woman in the pink shirt gets to her feet.
dog runs up to the camera.
red suv makes a left turn.
the man sticks something up his nose.
people walk by overhead.
we begin to see the upper portion of the bonfire
a man stands right in front of the camera then moves to the right
camera finishes panning and a wall is shown
the camera zooms in on the dancers legs.
the man in black jacket and grey hood first dips something into the chocolate founatain.
camera zooms out away from bird.
the balcony fence comes into view as camera pans right.
an oven can be seen with a blue item next to it.
the cat opens its eyes.
girl almost trips in snow.
camera spans right to view people on couch.
camera zooms in to show a card that child is writing on.
the man comes in from the right side and tries to pull.
object rotation is observed.
little blue guy really blasts the ball.
oh look, there's another wall on the right side, too.
opens a can to remove an item
singer backs away and goes out of view
the boat begins moving backward
the man wipes his hand with a napkin
we pass underneath a bridge
here's two people with a banner.
hey, i saw a foot'
the elevator reaches the bottom.
bright blue lights at the bottom of the tower.
this guy is pointing at some dude.
cars drive by in background
camera has close up
camera jerks to ground
the field behind the boys can be seen
a person is white wearing a black head garment in standing alone.
the cat gets up and walks.
a balding head can be observed.
the first lift pole and chair are passed.
woman touches mouth
man walks through during storm
big fish pass through the feeding frenzy
the boy falls backward toward the camera.
the engine passes by.
camera spans right to show controls.
woman enters the scene from right of camera.
a robot lifts a weight from the ground.
a seal walks to a green fence.
camera switches from baby to the other
person in coat waves
the woman stands straight up.
man in hammering hard.
the girl stops punching at the air.
a second black statue becomes visible
a blue and yellow vehicle passes by outside
the knife is poked into the top of the pumpkin several times
an adult becomes visible for the first time
a woman in black walks by holding something.
the moment when we see a man's face in the screen on the left.
when the man turns on the small keyboard.
dancer comes to front of frame
man in black dips something in chocolate
bird puts leg down
two people sit by the water.
the cats both stand up.
the screen goes from blue to black.
man raises both hands to attack a cat
camera zooms in then out
camera pans right to show a hill
birds fly overhead.
the man lays his jacket on the chairs.
the woman's bare legs appear on the screen behind the panel.
the camera zooms out and back in.
a person with glasses comes into view.
the girl stands at the blue object wiggling her backside.
the camera pans away then back to the large building.
the orca does a backflip.
two people walk holding hands.
an orange fish fights with white fish.
a funny little shake with her back turned.
a man in white stands near a bench.
a back flip'
someone walks over in the back.
a small cloud is seen.
a green sign is observed.
a young girl has her finger in her mouth.
camera zooms in on another camera
after dog has stopped, it sniffs around, and then continues walking forward.
a person walks by holding a baby.
the car drives past a dirt road.
the frame starts with all snow.
a person with a yellow belt stands up.
the boy points out the window.
the man throws the shovel.
two red flares are visible.
person pushing stroller exits frame.
woman puts hand on forehead.
baby falls on floor.
a person in white quickly walks by.
the woman holds up a picture.
the baby falls to the ground.
baby looks up and raises arm
man with blue shirt is seen
a small black car drives by.
the camera moves to the ceiling.
the boy throws the ball to the woman.
blue team comes into view.
the camera goes into an office with a computer.
a blue ball is tossed in the air.
the bus is completely out of frame for a short time.
the two spot lights aimed in the shape of a v come into frame.
the camera pans away from the stump with a mushroom on it.
a boy riding on a man's shoulders comes in to view.
a stainless steel oven first comes in to view.
two people walk up to the building.
the moment when the person's foot comes into view.
the moment when we begin to see both of the person's hands
the moment when the person with a blue shirt and hat walks by.
a person is first seen walking on the beach
puppy pounces on other puppy.
the moment we begin to see the machine start moving
the moment when several large tables comes into view
white writing appears on black screen
the camera moves quickly to the left.
the kid starts to dribble the ball.
the camera moves from a bridge to a building.
the camera passes a white moped on the right
the person on the right holds the cell phone out while the child reaches for it
two people can be seen in the frame
people dressed in red and white on the right side of the screen.
person removes lid off can and takes something out.
the singer touches the microphone stand.
camera shows firetruck
something comes out of the water.
the guitar player points to his left.
baby crawls
cat walks from pink chair to leopard print chair
carmera stays on the outdoor chimney during a hail storm
the camera zooms in on people on a hill top.
a silver car is sitting in the rain.
the third person exits the waterslide into the pool
traffic can be seen on busy streets below
the camera angle changes to show the sonogram better
the chef wipes down the grill.
they take the food out of the cooking pit.
the man waves at the camera.
the camera zooms in.
screens first appear
shows people sitting in the grassy area watching the performance
man in white hat picks up a beam
person with a black bag walks in front of the bulldozer
camera pans right showing a white stick coming into view
the cat turns around and starts to walk the other way.
a woman walks toward the girl in the doorway.
the kid grabs his yellow shirt.
the man in white gestures with his hands.
the man in white gestures with right arm.
the man wearing black sneezes.
little girl falls and gets up.
man in red jacket enters frame.
camera spans left to show mountains.
the moment when the windmill is seen spinning the fastest.
the moment when the motorcycle is moved into the bed of the truck
the person in the green hat begins cutting something
man in hat singing touches microphone stand with both hands.
a white house with an aquamarine colored roof can be seen.
the toddler sets the toy on the chair.
camera zooms in on what the little girl is drawing
a man in a red and white shirt starts to put on his jacket
some one hits the person in the pool with the blue ball
the moment when we see the person walking away from the camera down the hallway.
some one enters the frame and hides behind the man in the tie
the camera zooms in on trees in the distance
the kid puts his hand on his face.
the girl plays with her hair.
the woman wearing brown turns around.
boy throws yellow ball up in air.
boy points with finger.
the man first backs away from the steam
the last of the train crosses the frame
a police officer pulls a man wearing yellow off of a car
blue box leaves frame
the lights go out.
the group by the doors waves at everyone.
bikes race into frame
sled runs by
white texts fadinging in and then out.
building is not in frame
the moment when the lighter colored puppy begins attacking the darker colored one.
the girl goes down the slide a second time.
the man in blue gets out of the car.
blue bus drives by
man lights paper on fire
a ball is placed over the hair dryer.
the moment that the device begins arcing electricity
man climbs on ledge
man leans over and picks something up
blue topped building first appears
a man exits the water slide
the camera pans to the street below
the baby stands on their own momentarily, before falling down.
the camera pans past several smaller blue tents and a smaller white tent.
the person stops drinking from the bong and wobbles around.
the boy in the red shirt looks to the side and behind him.
the man wearing a black shirt and white shorts raises his hands and claps.
screen goes from inspire, to lead, back to inspire
girl in pink striped shirt acts crazy
mountain comes into view.
the train first comes into view
a white bird flies out of view on the left side of the screen
the cat looks at the camera after being smelled by the dog
the plane flies over the water.
another car drives by.
a golden pyramid-shaped structure can be seen.
the rc car returns.
a woman holding a red item is sitting on a bus.
the camera moves off the sand to the water.
a person walks away from the posing group.
group does lasso move
baby doesn't move
camera pans left to show white train cars
person at the top of the ladder appears.
plane goes through thick clouds
person with stroller leaves screen
camera man looks away from the crowd.
when we first see a picture of a women on the phone screen.
the moment when the vehicle passes the red pipes running perpendicular to the other red pipes
the girl in the red shirt falls down on the long pillow.
top of white car is shown
fire flashes in back
person in red walks on sidewalk
we first see the speaker at the podium
a green car is first seen passing underneath the bridge
the player wearing number 5 dribbles the ball.
the person holding the camera points it at herself.
a man with a black watch rests his hand high on the wall.
a yellow taxi drives by quickly.
the fish begins to swim.
the cat puts his head down.
the camera moves right off of the screen.
the camera is completely zoomed in on the child
a white bucket is lifted and dumped into the mixer for the first time
the camera pans down to the ground
the man pulls the rod back.
the deer pulls his head up from eating.
the camera moves to the left on the beach.
the man holds both hands up.
the camera slightly moves to the right.
no human in frame
men switch jobs
screen is sideways then flipped upright
cat leaves pink cushion
smaller boat zooms through the other boats
the man in brown starts to turn around
the baby is looking over his shoulder, then looks back at his toy
the man looks at the woman
train begins moving
a hand grabs the babies arm.
green and blue balloons can be seen.
a person with a blue hat is smiling.
the words aero garden can be seen
the babies mouth goes from nearly closed to wide open
the large screen is out of the frame
toddler in green long sleeves and green hat slides down slide on tummy.
man waves flame in his hand in a circle
the man stands up.
the man reaches his arm behind laptop next to something with orange and yellow lights.
a red suv car passes by.
first time fish moves
the moment when the cat starts scratching the side of its head
an adult is first seen walking toward the child
the boy pulls his shirt toward the camera
the person wearing the lightly colored suit points at the man with blue jeans
a person walks by the bus.
woman in middle touches her face
baby drops the refrigerator magnet
the person begins to spin the record player.
a purple light is first seen.
camera spans left to show building better.
little yellow train zooms by.
we are first shown the insdie of the crate.
the camera pans away from the pianist.
an old man with glasses walks by with a backpack.
a woman in red is playing an instrument.
the propeller stops and then starts.
the seal gets back into the water.
the fire engines are shown.
the little boy first pops into the scene.
the person looks down and then starts to speak.
the boy chews his cookie, smiles and rocks back and forth.
a child in a red short climbs inside a plastic bubble.
a ferret bites down on a hot water bottle and starts to drag it across the floor.
this man touches his face.
the woman steps aside as this guy just barges in.
man in front stands up ' claps
whale leaps out of the water ' splashes the crowd
girl on the mans right looks at him ' scratches her nose
laser beam effects shot tat the screen
screen is blurry then focuses
boat comes into view
two birds can be seen flying above
the least amount of clouds are visible in this single segment
the person rests his cane on the chairs behind him
a person in purple is visible
hand shows piece sign.
buildings are seen closest to the camera.
lemon or lime slices are seen floating in a drink.
a roof is in view of the camera
two people walk out and stand on a platform.
the puppy raises it's head and looks forward.
crane moves left
man starts skating
this yellow guy is trying to block our view.
she squats, with a new addition in hand.
man in blue jacket leans over the wood
child holds pencil and camera zooms in to the yelllow paper
man smiles while wiping off his hands with a cloth and then another man fixes his coat
three colorful horses walk by in a line
man in lower left takes a drink of something
an elephant walks over to join two other elephants
a long stretch of green grass reaches across the entire horizon
we see a man with a yellow shirt sitting at a table by himself.
we see the back of the very large replica of a man in a parade.
the moment when the crane becomes submerged in water.
view of sky is shown
person in blue raises up
blonde boy walks up and joins choir
guy in sunglasses and plaid shirt walks backwards.
black dog has tongue hanging out.
baby brings his arm up to his shoulder.
white van exits scene.
a white box truck passes out of view of the camera.
the moment that the paper is ignited.
an adult reaches in to adjust the animals
the child first stops spinning
man almost falls
red hatted woman doesn't know wher e she's going.
and we have lift-off'
night is finally upon us.
man buried in the sand eats a bite of food
close up of location map
white lines flash
man walks in front of camera
the camera moves back to the left to the tree.
the camera leaves the boy in red.
the ball gets kicked across the field.
the person in white reaches the top of the peak
the white cat nudges the brown cat
the hamster walks out of the green box
the girl moves her toy
the man in blue waits for us to catch up
the man takes a sip
a white haired man walks completely across our field of vision
the baby reaches out to the girl.
the camera zooms in on the top of the beer.
the woman starts to laugh with the man.
fireworks are first fired.
the coach corrects the batter's pose.
the moment when the sea horse first swims over the branch
camera zooms up to the sky.
boy looks right at camera.
man in dark shirt with name tag is in view
man in white shirt is pushing stroller
elephant statue
the person walks in front of the man with the dog.
the girl in orange runs off the field.
boy looks down
door opens and people rush out
the white part of the ceiling can no longer be seen
the camera meets a car with very blue headlights
hockey players smash into the glass for the first time
a man is working with a hammer
the camera moves past a motorcycle.
the person on the right begins to nod.
a person reading a newspaper comes in to view.
someone touches the toy for the first time.
the cat pounces forward.
a red toy truck comes into view.
the camera zooms in on babies face while he is sitting on step.
a man crosses in front of the camera
batter swings ' misses
a black car passes by in the distance to the right.
a man in a white hat and black sunglasses is in the frame.
two people can be seen on the right.
the girl moves a chair
a foot walks across the frame and the puppies follow
the camera moves away from the building to the water.
a fish swims right in front of the camera.
race car zooms past camera
violin player begins to play
the kids all hold hands with the lady.
a red truck drives by.
baby grabs stuffed animal.
baby does a 360 in bouncer.
we see the face of the woman walking in front of the stage.
mother dog nuzzles and licks her puppy.
a woman walks away.
a woman is speaking on the screen in the background.
the second person straightens their bow.
the woman reaches for the boys head.
the man to the left lowers his head.
the third dogs leave the view.
a cyclist in black is passed by a white car.
the crowd notices and reacts to the accident.
the boy swings for the first time.
the sea horse raps himself around the branch.
camera spans right to show more little houses.
person waves right hand.
the moment the kitten stops grooming and looks at the camera
the first moment another lift passes the camera
camera goes close up
dog comes to shore
bike goes around man
black dog goes in and out of frame
the camera zooms in on a green balloon.
the camera zooms in on the mountain.
a man bends down to talk to two small boys.
the woman starts her walk with her dog in the competition.
the yellow and red truck is visible for this part of the video.
the robot completely stops
a hand pushes the little girl
the train pulls away from the station.
the man with a bald spot looks away
the man in blue glances to his left
screen goes black
girl in green waves arms
only picture is visible
the lights in the air are flashing.
a man wearing a black shirt walks by the screen.
the second man leaves the screen.
a woman in red walks in front of the screen.
the camera moves out and to the right of the people.
the dog begins to run near the water.
a person with an olive colored jacket moves past the camera
the man with black hair first begins visibly singing
we first see the screen displaying the player's statistics.
the person with a camera is seen on the left
the woman looks at the water and then looks back.
the person in yellow walks away and then towards the camera.
the boy in red reaches out.
the baby takes his first bite of food.
a man gestures before the camera zooms in.
a man claps.
the objects take off from a standstill.
the little one decides to turn back for a hug.
a bald man with sunglasses, clad in grey, glances to his left.
the lighted part of the scene fades.
someone flushes the toilet.
the man on the left lifts his arm up in a greeting or wave twice.
car goes by camera and continues to drive away
woman by a bike is visible
sea lion plunges underwater
horse comes to a stop
horse walks backwards
a third person appears
the camera moves to the trees to the right.
the camera focuses on the drummer in the black t-shirt.
a lone dog runs by.
man in background on right bends over
no planes in the sky
little girl in pink kicking legs
man in black becomes visible
man walks across stage
the baby puts the orange object on the coffee table.
the cage is opened.
person in white throws a javelin.
the man reaches into his pocket.
a man repeatedly extends his right arm out, then back in.
a red haired woman walks by.
man walks by
the woman's hair starts to blow in the wind.
the camera zooms in on the singer then goes to the right.
a red car speeds by, followed by a white one.
blue shirt looks down and to the left very quickly before looking straight ahead again.
this thing is spinning'
camera spins to show people around him
camera zooms into a green van then pans right
camera pans left to the boat then pans back right
we see picture on the wall
girl in scarf starts to curl
the foot escapes the cat.
the child pats the side of the vehicle.
four machines in a line are shown.
the camera goes back to the sky.
the front of the train arrives.
the man in red pulls the dog the other way.
the glare from the sun is shining down
person in striped shirt kicks ball for first time
the ceiling fan is visible
a person in orange walks by from right to left.
the stage area is more brightly lit that it was previously
the athletes raise their heads and stand, beginning to run.
lights and images are seen projected on the wall for a second time
view of a train going into a curve from the left side
boy in red looks behind him
red solo or party cups on a counter.
a woman in white shirt and red hat can be seen on the right.
the cat has his eyes open and turns on his back.
lightning flashes.
another photographer takes a picture of the lizard.
a black pigeon walks in front of two other pigeons.
panning over red roof tops
a margarita is the center of attention
two men appear to do maintenance.
this chump on our left side is getting in our way.
he has his head in his hands.
'toot-toot' says the wagon while it comes to a rest, its engine billowing white puffs.
camera flash
girl doesn't move drum and reaches for something
the woman takes a picture.
man in jacket exits frame.
camera zooms into show big animal dancing.
this little maniac is really far away now.
baby looks behind'
hey, a bright green sign'
i spot the back of a blue van.
womans head comes into view from left.
the camera pans from the speaker to the panel.
two blue cars drive by.
the camera walks past the oven.
the woman in pink shuts the door.
a small ant comes into picture.
the camera zooms in on the yellow and black fish
the front wheel of the bike hits the ground
the man carries the baby over to the cupboard.
the camera shakes while watching the waves come in.
the cameras orientation is changed to better capture the waterfall.
people wearing yellow are first seen.
the camera moves in on the drummer and then back to the singer.
the camera zooms in on the shirt.
a brick wall makes an appearance.
men are seen lining the decks of the ship.
the small child falls off their scooter.
car drives through frame
the camera holder walks down the stairs
the horse backs up
the camera pans to the crowd.
a man in blue is holding up a finger.
frame starts with water at bottom
screen is red
a girl comes into view.
text appears on screen
camera zooms in on nursing puppies
the dog gets near the camera.
a car goes by in the background.
the man stands on his feet.
camera pans left to focus on girl running
trunk retracts from ground to up.
red car comes on screen
people first come into view.
girl sticks her hand around boobs
blue tent enters the frame
woman smiles at camera
cat sticks face in other cats face
a shadow goes over the water.
the octopus moves completely behind the corral.
the engine's flywheel begins to spin.
an american flag sign comes in to view.
woman is stopped and almost falls
a woman tries to feed the bull grass
a second fan put up their pointer finger.
mans hand is not in frame
the lady on the right is talking.
boy raises his hand without the spool.
the moment when a man pulls a gun and points it in the air
dog licks forociously
train exits camera
man raises his fist in excitement
a lady stands to take picture
panning the river bank
man is picking up small pieces of gravel
snow is picked up
boy looks at the camera
white car appears
man with stick appears
can see the boys entire face
yellow paddle is shown on the left side of girl
tip of wing goes right in front of the tower
zooms out of sign
red car crosses the finish
the little girl begins to speak.
the woman in black gets out of the pool.
the edge of the cliff is not yet visible.
a man touches a woman's face.
the little girl looks down and to her left.
they put their hands up, clap then back down.
the fireworks turn orange from yellow.
another road comes in to view.
the person on the right takes their hand away from their face.
the child on the left sits down.
the girl turns a page.
the camera pans to the top of the structure.
rail car comes into view
a blonde dog comes into view, then goes back down out of view of the camera.
the white screen with text on it is visible on stage.
a cute little puppy jumps into and out of a green shrub then runs down the rocks.
an old lady walks up to the camera in front of some stairs in a blue shirt and wiggles little things in both her hands.
a mobile is shown hanging from a support then zooms in.
the boy is looking donw.
the camera pans toward the sunset.
stick fire goes out
woman plays with hair
tv screen goes dark
people raise hands
dancers turn around for the first time
man takes off gloves
camera zooms out from puppers.
kid turns around and camera adjusts brightness.
sea turtle lifts head up.
man rides bike cart
person in white walks behind
man begins talking
we see tomato plants
the person with a red hat is taking a picture.
the conductor comes out.
blue lights first turn on.
man finally gets unstuck
large yellow light enters top left frame.
kid pulls spaghetti out of his mouth.
a guy bangs his head
scratching behind the ear
someone poked another in the ear
cabinet drawer is open
the monkey scratches his face with is right hand.
two women in white shirts walk past.
the glass has blue flames on it.
camera zooms in greatly.
fly crawls from bird's eye to beak.
green shirt and hat throws ball to white shirt.
a woman wearing black walks away and the camera moves left.
a silver statue is revealed.
the bottom of the screen shows a deck.
woman in red cardigan walks by
bird jumps to face the other direction on the branch
the table full of food and drinks comes into view, then the camera pans back up to show the man in the tie talking.
trees become visible in the top right corner of the frame briefly.
a hand touches a bouquet of flowers.
the camera pans past a few red flags.
the woman looks up from the computer and talks.
the camera pans from the crowd to the action they're watching.
a kid gets up then looks into the camera as he starts to walk away
someone is climbing when the camera zooms in
boy rolling on ground with paper stands up and puts his hands over his head
one fish quickly swims from the top towards the middle
shroud of doll moves through the screen from right to left
dog comes in door
the wheels move
the person in the grey hood covers most of the frame at a protest outside.
the camera focuses in on the person in the green shirt playing his guitar in the middle of the floor.
words appear on frame
blue skies are briefly shown
camera pans left to show pole.
camera pans left from light post to small crowd
the driver holds his arm up.
the man moves to the left side of the machine.
a persons knuckles appear at the lower right corner.
building comes into view on the right
yellow text first appears on screen
ferris wheel first appears
blue lines first appear.
only snip to show driver
dog comes through door
guy puts on his googles
little boy exit the camera
guy in pink and blue mask comes into view.
the view shows some stools.
some people are waving.
the woman's wrist is visible.
the person walks away from the piano.
red and white balloons are visible.
the game goes to a still picture of a guitar player.
the blonde woman with curly hair in a black shirt comes into view, then goes out of view of the camera.
cars can be seen driving down the road in the dark in times square.
pavement fills the whole screen, then the camera pans up to show a man with a hoola hoop.
the little girl is jumping up and down.
the camera pans back to the boat.
kid picks up butter stick and puts it into measuring cup.
white car enters and leaves frame.
camera zooms out to better show kid and toy.
the lead singer bows slightly.
the shed come in to view for the first time.
the bass player comes in to view.
camera zooms left and a person waves their hand
the moment when the book shelf comes into view
a person in a blue cap begins to applaud.
the standing child starts to hula hoop.
the fireplace gets closer.
camera pans left to driver
lady looks at the camera
baby swings dogs tail
road comes into view for first time
car first appears on the left
man in white shirt walks by
a back is scratched for the first time.
a woman in pink steps off the train.
this is the first guy throwing stuff at us.
white truck passes
lights go from a diamond shape to three diagonal lines.
we pan over to see the ferris wheel.
we see the blue lights on the left.
a man in a black jacket walks by.
the musician takes a drink.
the girl releases her lantern.
the books on the blue bookshelf come into view for the first time.
man in suit waves at crowd
a person darts in front of the camera
white house leaves frame and red building appears
only one bike goes past
mouse climbs up tree and falls.
woman backsteps to make dog jump over hurdle.
dog jumps over white bar for first time.
the camera pans left to show the blue sky over the side of the green mountain.
only big screen is visible
girl in blue raises hand
boy spins wheel
man in blue appears
someone takes the cups off the table.
dog arrives at a small ledge by the pool
lights are visible for the first time
swimmers turn away from the camera
knods his head and then man rocks back and forth
a girl puts on a sombrero.
a puppy licks the man's face.
a man coils a mechanical elephant trunk all the way up.
white jacket enter frame
person holding a single finger up.
white shirt and megaphone leaves frame.
guitarist walks forward then hops backward to where they started.
owner starts to pick up momma dog
lady in pink shirt steps off train
camera pans right then starts to go back left
the person in yellow stands and walks away.
the man is wearing no hat.
camera pans up from the middle of the object to shows it's top.
image stops to show a large gap between the clouds.
camera fades in from black to reveal douche.
kid in white shirt looking down at feet.
dog runs away from tv then runs back.
boy in lower right corner turns head to the left.
dancers turn back to face the camera
man in plaid shirt bends over.
the tv on the wall is no longer visible.
a person is wearing a blue glove.
donald duck runs through the crowd.
we see a card with two men screaming.
yellow spotlight shines directly at camera
woman with blonde hair directly in front of camera looks right, down then back at the speaker
camera pans from boy in white on left to boy in blue on right
a person in white walks off to the left.
a green flag bobs across in front of us.
the woman nods.
the girl makes the robot turn his head.
the woman re-arrangers her post-it notes.
the boy turns on the toy.
all of the children are waving the green leaf
the lights changed from green to red and blue
man playing organ jumps up and down before waving his arms
a second person first appears.
kids tickles his mouth
kid reaches up and drops magnet on floor.
we discover what's at the end of the clear plastic tubing.
a shirtless man walks by.
the man in grey points.
letters on the scream then changes to animals
two dogs are barking then one jumps up on the door
no one is visible in the video.
the baby walks left towards the tent then disappears behind it.
a person just comes into view on the far right.
the woman points at her arm.
figure on bottom right enters then exits frame.
frame showing camera closest to flare.
the camera zooms in on the tree in the rain.
the television screen overhead appears
the view moves left, before returning to its original view
a green car drives by.
light change from purple to blue.
we see a second set of handles.
one in white backs into view.
we can see some sky.
a girl covers her mouth while a boy with a microphone approaches.
a dolphin jumps out of the water.
a man is at the end of the runway and then turns around and walks back.
the turkey runs away
the man bends to hammers something then he stands up
the car first plows into the snow
when you see some blue lines appear at the bottom of the screen
little girl starts clapping
a guy talking enters
a lady hurries by
the boy on the right wearing a black shirt folds his hands behind his back.
the kitten runs off camera.
third guy looks away.
a black hat is visible.
the baby rapidly waves both hands.
man in a red hat comes into view
baby hits himself in the eye
when the camera first zooms in on the band
three people are jump roping
rain falls in watering can
the purple fish leaves and then returns.
the train approaches some water.
a man in an orange shirt steps on an escalator.
camera pans around to show people behind them
girl on right waves at the camera
baby stretches both arms above head
no kitty or hand in the picture
dog disapears
man in yellow shirt scoots back over to his seat
boy in red shirt swings at the ball
cameraman moves right to a different view
man looks left then covers mouth
man in bright orange shirt walks past
man begins to saw thens stops to turn wood and saws again.
hand passes camera and monkey chases hand.
camera pans left to show a boat.
camera pans down to mans foot in white boot.
flame is farthest away.
camera pans up from road.
man in yellow pulls up pants.
guitar player moves.
video shows writing.
see white lines of the road.
the white dog jumps on a person leg
the woman are waving something in the air and the camera moves to the right
guy in red leans up in seat to talk to person next to him
hand lifts mountain dew to drink
the camera pans to a black screen.
the cat's tail hits the ground.
two men in white interact at a screen on the far wall.
a human figure is completely in silhouette.
donald duck marches toward you.
photos on a white wall are viewed.
pole passes by.
we see the goal the first time.
the fire has blown out.
a man in a black suit walks up and stands in the line.
a person walks by in the background.
the performer raises up on their toes.
the red carpeted stairs are no longer visible as the white car drives away.
no people are visible at all, at any point in the frame.
no trees are visible in the frame at all, just the four planes flying through the dark blue sky.
a woman walks out of the building and through the crowd.
the teacher at the front of the room is not visible at all, just his students.
the camera first pans to the large screen.
the girl puts her knee up.
the head in front of us shifts a bit.
the person first appears.
a black van is visible.
a mountain dew can is visible.
man walks by camera
a large landmass is visible on the righ t
guy put his hand over his mouth for the first time
guy in red jacket walks in front of screen
second girl enters frame.
two cars pass the camera
person in white pants and brown shirt enters from left.
the kid bends over to pick up snow then turns away from the camera
the first time you see people swimming with the fish
divers leave view of camera
man pulls down lever
boy raises his hand above his head
sunset/sunrise comes into view
person in blue and white stripped shirt is at front of frame for first time.
sea jumps into water
all bikers leave frame
person in red shirt leaves frame
the ducks are swimming.
an object with words briefly passes frame at the top left.
bike with white wheels leaves frame as red wheels tries to catch up.
the girl counts on her fingers.
men are walking on he right side of the boat.
man pets white dog as it passes behind his legs.
camera adjusts slightly left.
people are dancing then the camera zooms in
people on stage start going in circle
person in black moves away from person white
man picks up book to show camera.
a wonderful view of a beautiful blue sky.
here is a motor.
we can spot passing traffic.
a cat stands up.
the models walk forward but have not turned around the other way yet.
the cat picks up the stuffed animal and carries it out of frame.
the larger school moves completely off to the right.
two potted plants on a small table.
the camera moves from the wet concrete to the trees.
child comes back out of door.
person enters from left of stage
light fades from red to dark
the moment when the gauges first appear
a large yellow ball with signatures on it comes into view then goes out of view of the camera.
the person in the pink jacket and blue scarf comes into view, then goes out of view as the camera pans to the right.
the camera zooms in on one panda bear eating foliage on the ground outside.
fireworks explode white
train appears
the deer gets to the trail.
the dog turns to his left.
the baby looks up at someone.
bald man looks at camera
lightening appears behind the house for the first time.
a man with a white shirt and black backpack is standing there.
the bird is chirping and then looks back.
child steps closer to the cabinet
the hands pushes the baby on the swing.
the creature leaves the scene.
the camera pans right.
the camera focuses close-up on bottom of the bucket.
the boy finishes his song.
camera snaps quickly towards the right then back
people walk past the end of the diplay
man lifts the baby's hands up
little green car first appears
street in the picture
persons passes in front of the camera.
camera pans sightly right and then down drastically.
the black object on the left of the frame almost completely leaves screen.
the lead guitarist walks to the front of the stage.
two musicians are playing a trumpet and a banjo.
camera pans down and closer to a white paper with a picture of apple.
man in green shirt walks towards hole then walks away.
the camera zooms way in to the water.
a woman is holding her camera up in the bottom right corner of the view and then it pans away.
some binders show with neon labels on them.
closet is visible at start
child points to book
railing is in view entire time
red object appears from the right of the frame
frame with most head in foreground
boat is farthest from camera
trolly makes complete stops
man with guitar pulls hand back into frame.
red object hits spider and spider wakes up.
man with backpack passes red pole.
a man bends down then stands and walks away in front of the camera.
a girl handing ball over to get signed
we can see a woman driving the boat
a good close up of a panda eating bamboo
the girl half stands up and holds an item.
a person is leaving a tunnel
man in jacket leaves the frame.
bird first pokes head up in lower right corner.
person hold cell phone appears in frame.
guy opens the book
red lights turn on
camera turns up toward ceiling
yellow fish comes into view for first time
light turns pink
kid looking down
train got real close and passing to the rt of screen
boy shows girl what he discovered under microscope
the covering covers the full screen.
a toddler runs down the hall through the doorway and into the room.
video of capital ones into view for the second time
a balding brunette man with glasses comes into view and stays in view until the end.
the camera pans up and down a big metal pole by the water.
the person smiles briefly.
the man bends forward to reach something then stands back up.
the boy sits down.
someone walks in front of the view.
several people enter the frame from the left
we pass two people in white tops
the animal walks toward the fence and puts their head to the ground.
the dome is completely out and then the whole thing lights up.
the dj first puts both hands down on the console and then only lets them up every so often.
cameraman begins riding the bike
vertical beams of light are visible from the sun
baby knocks over green cup and spills liquid
man takes both cups away from baby
person is wiping down spill on the table
ambulance door is opened
ambulance door is closed and cameraman swings around
camera begins to pan left again
all three take their first jump
wind begins to blow so hard the camera seems unfocused
man in white shirt gets up from table
all of the people are clapping.
the person points at the pink button.
road is visible
camera zooms in on circle of kids.
cat chases laser and leaves frame.
the flower changes from yellow to white
a bug crawls on the keyboard
man in white sits down
no people dancing
railing is visible
camera pans down to lake
yellow light flashes on left for first time.
someone passes behind the banner on the stage.
child on bike passes a silver vehicle.
man stands up to walk away
cat scratches ear
the riders move past the camera.
the person in red leaves the screen.
big boat exits frame
guy starts flapping his hands and moving his legs
music sheets come into view
guy steps out of ho le
seal spins around
camera pans up to paper lantern
boy bends down to pick something up
person in ball cap raises up and swings jug around
dog walks past the baby
the boy takes his first sip.
the train stops behind another train.
the camera moves to a woman wearing glasses and then back to the wheel.
a girl in pink walks past the camera.
all of the people stand up at once.
a person is clapping while listening to the song.
vehicle leave the beach
shirtless mans looks down.
the camera shows the tree closeup.
the man uses the remote to open the curtains.
dog appears as camera pans down.
the words 'edinborolympics' fade out.
man in blue walks away from man in black.
cars pass by for a brief moment.
the lights begin to move towards the center.
girl climbs through hole at the top
stick is placed into blue the flame
bird flies up from bird bath to the top branch of the tree
woman with hat on a blue and white chair.
engine shown blowing smoke.
camera zooms in on branches
black and white cat scratches itself with foot.
the girl looks at the person holding the camera.
the boat can be seen.
the man pulls down a lever.
the boy turns to the camera with his tongue out.
head passes in front of cameraman to sit down and cameraman gets up to move.
bird doesnt move at all.
camera zooms in on roof to show water falling.
camera pans down from car to the plaque in front
man with camera walks along the fence in front of the camera
we quickly bore of the man in the suit, and so our attention is drawn to some colorful meals.
it seems there are some tree branches and a bit of land to our right.
the large statue goes out of view of the camera, and the camera pans down to show snow and picnic tables.
no moving objects or people are visible in the frame for a brief time.
a second window pops up after the cursor clicks the blue button with all of the boxes checked.
lady shows writing on her arm
clouds start moving really fast.
camera zooms in on boat
girl walks forward and turns around and walks back
pans to person waving.
person in blue picks up a yellow object
woman looks back at camera and smiles for first time.
house first appears
a blue and white cone shaped object appears for the first time.
the image goes from the water to the boy.
dog jumps in bucket
guy walks away from water coming at him
boy touches his face
child puts magnet on left side of fridge
the camera pans up to the sky.
the kid in the purple shirt stands up and walks to the back side of the room.
the first time a fish rolls part way before righting itself and moving again like the others.
the kid closes the book, and then opens it up again quickly, and then turns the pages really fast.
a doll moves in front of the camera from right to left until it's out of frame.
someone throws a hat at the dog.
the baby reaches for the camera.
red surf board enters frame
hand stops on 'may'
the girl rubs her toy on the carpet.
a dog is watching television and the camera moves closer.
the first kid with the pointed hat rides on a horse.
a dog points his nose in the air.
something passing in front of camera close
see car passing other cars fast
the teacher is gesturing in front of artwork.
an adult puts their hand around the baby.
two planes can be seen flying over.
image stops with lots of cloud cover.
camera pans up from fire to show chef
camera first pans to the right
passes person in the wheelchair
waterfall enters frame.
camera turns and picture is blurred.
the toddler puts her feet flat on the ground and prepares to stand up.
the yellow construction equipment is showing.
the cat on the left flips over onto the floor.
one puppy tries to pick up a water bowl with its mouth.
girl without pink/purple hair m oves in front of other girl
dyed hair girl pushes other girl away
two cars pass the non moving camera
man sitting down on the left shifts to squatting
so windy the camera blurs
first see guy in the white hats face
pans to show steeple on the church
camera pans to the right to show land.
the camera stops moving and shows a piano.
a baby opens its mouth wide and begins to cry.
a white truck passes on the left.
the green lights are in a triangular pattern.
a shirtless kid in shorts waves at the camera.
the person in the white shirt grabs a white towel and dries his face with it.
guy flips the glass jar to show a note.
a person's head blocks the view.
the camera flips from horizontal to vertical to show a large cemetery.
no person is visible in the frame for a brief moment, just the glass of beer.
video shows tv and dresser for first time
someone hands the little boy something.
the girl in pink watches another person jump on a different trampoline.
the cat is swiping and pawing aggressively at the toy.
a man gives the musician some money.
a little bot working on his computer
zooming in on the projector screen
red shirt disappears into the crowd.
smaller figure walk out of frame
camera zooms out greatly.
man first comes into view
man walks in front of camera
the man takes off his hat.
person passes close to camera in a gray looking shirt
camera pans up to show island/land
pans up and left to big screen.
we can see more of the wing.
we see the front of the costume.
a person in gray tiptoes through the water.
the lady lifts her head and looks at the camera.
the boy on the left walks in front of the window.
the young boy slams the seat beside him in excitement.
we first begin zooming in on the tribal drawings.
the frame where the girl first begins dancing.
camera pans over to reveal a cat.
man with watch takes a picture of motorcycle
man is sitting in chair
child walks away
the child in pink's parent is not visible for a moment as the kid dances.
a man in a grey hoodie walks from the left to the right, and out of the frame.
the excavator machine does a 180 from our left to our right in the frame .
girl in black and pink jumping up and down
man bending down to pick up something
white fish starts swimming toward middle of frame.
person in burgundy jacket walks from right toward center of frame.
falls appear
marchers start walking again after they have stopped.
the first time the baby brings the blanket to her mouth.
the moment the girl first begins talking.
the man in the green shirt gets a spark in his shoe.
a parade of weirdos is not yet upon us.
a cat looks up calmly, just before he goes insane.
we see little kid in green shaking
shirtless man picks up red thing and throws it back
the wood is finally sawed off.
the hand waves in front of the camera.
we can see the paddle boat.
shot of man with '34' on t shirt.
we see one person's head pop up from the bottom
the pink-wheeled bike passes in front of the camera
plane flies up then loops back down in a half circle.
sea is underwater then comes back up.
all of the roosters run out of view of the camera.
the man begins nailing the shingle down.
man sits down at table.
boy on right grabs a box.
child leaves frame to left side.
person in chicken costume first appears.
man in black runs past the guy in yellow on the flat escalator
man in black, second from left, is talking and leans back into chair
the girl pulls her feet up onto her chair.
detail of fins are shown
vehicles moving
hand is seen very close to camera moving up and down
shows title
girl goes behind the tree
guy in red shirt walks by
baby trys to stand up in the bathtub
more of the water appears
girl looks to the right for the first time
brown and white dog appears.
a red car zooms past
child runs out the door
a guy with a striped shirt is playing a string instrument.
a piece of rope appears in the frame.
the headlights disappear toward the end of the clip.
boy in blue covers eyes
people stand up
person with white balloon walks by
camera zooms in on stage
acrobat does flip while jumping rope
we pass a wood pole while panning left
a silver van passes by.
a skier appears then goes out of the frame to the right.
orange oar moves back and forth
water tower in distance
man turning sign around to cut it
little kid starts running
we pan right a little bit.
the girl touches her hair
most of the smoke has blow off to the left and the cars start back up.
yellow raft is seen
christmas lights are seen
we pan right to see where the sun is in the sky
boy passes buoy in water
hand moves over jun
we witness the first wrap.
this chick in the orange is looking at us.
guitar players steps backwards towards drums
man walks in front of camera
man in jeans walks backward
cat walks away
dog walks out of room
we are introduced to a second shirt.
there is a quick jump here. perhaps it is a glitch in the matrix.
a crowd of people watching jets fly around.
animal crosses the road.
dog moves the object it is chewing to the front of the frame.
baby lifts head for first time.
a motorcycle passes in front of us
kangaroo races impossibly fast down the left of the screen
a big head blocks the stage on the right of the screen
a green road sign passes overhead.
an old man wearing a white shirt walks toward the camera.
the first time the man in front uncrosses his arms.
shore becomes visible.
stained glass window comes into view at top of frame.
white object that has been moving down reaches bottom of the frame.
boater disappears then reappears.
girl walks forward and lifts her hair.
birds fly out of the bird feeder
we pan to the drummer on the screen
two men get behind the lady
bicyclist stops on the side of bus.
bike rides by
animal hopping in background
horses first appear
people begin raising hands
lights on the track blink on
gentlemen in orange gets on esclatator
the ant crawls off the keyboard.
the girl smiles and looks up.
the man in blue begins fiddling with the steam engine.
the man takes a sip of his drink.
two boys together in frame riding bike
looks like a ice bridge in the water
man in audience takes a picture
guy in yellow pants and a cane appears
guy in white hats turns around
a man in a black cap and white shirt pumps his fists in the air.
a woman with a brown shirt and blue jeans records a table with her cell phone.
a man takes a backpack off his shoulders
blonde woman appears on a screen
man swings gold club
no green light
kid is chasing pigeons
confetti throws up in mid-field
sun glares and camera pans down
goes from black to on title
animal walks over to black object on right.
girl bumps into someone else
red light flashes
the ride starts going down
the lady fixes the camera.
red building first comes into view.
one bike passes through.
a kid pops out from under toy tent
man hands briefcase to lady
lady stops walking to turn and look
child reaches top
putting something in fire
women putting both arms up in the arm
the mom stands up to laugh
toddler is pointing to pictures in a book
lady smiles all big
the camera zooms out and the man dancing on stage is farther away and smaller.
no people are visible in these frames, just the ocean, sky, and landscape.
a person wearing a red coat is carrying a few bags.
mountain enters view'
dog decides to jump into flowerpot
lights start changing from blue to orange.
van passes behind man.
red object goes out of frame then comes back in.
vehicle passes out of a structure.
audience member gets up and leave
can not see blue trashcan
protesters are walking when a woman appears in the back pushing a stroller
we can see boy in green shirt
camera zooms back from the screen
a person with a big head walks in front of the camera, blocking the view of the man at the microphone.
third person appears in frame.
it goes from the path to the grass
bunch of people clapping
hand petting cat
cat quickly looks behind
we first see the blu ehouseb in the background
people pass by on left.
two women in white enter from the left.
girl in red jacket appears
people can no longer be seen for first time.
person enters from right and walks toward the door of the building.
man in white shirt standing up moves out of right side of frame
two little girls touch each other
woman hops up to help boy
camera zooms in to man playing instrument
boy walks behind wall to the left.
man's head is under something
man walks away
boy puts orange stuff in his mouth
red thing first appears
feet walk away from camera
shows a puddle on ground
a tv that is high up is shown
person runs across from right to left.
flags are no longer visible.
boy talking with arms on chest
can see snow on porch
engine leaves the frame
only one spout of water remains on
girl looks into mictoscope
guy looks up
frame changes to baseball player
cook puts chicken on stove
hamster stands up on hind legs
equipment moves from right to left
boy begins reeling in the line.
guy in the back wiggles his head
first full table shown
reporter in white shown
lady in blue and white looks at the camera
zoom in on the beaker
male with no shirt walks in front of camera
zooms in on man on stage
we pan upwards
we pan left to machinery in the back of the train
baby takes a small step foward
two blue motorcycles race past followed by police car
confetti is thrown up
man walks to other side of field
child looks back
woman talks
man plays piano
the child in the background leaves the room.
the baby tries to eat his hand.
the man in white walks past.
little girl waves
no tv is seen
man is seen driving and talking
woman is seen taking pictures
man uses hammer
white car leaves frame.
bear appears in road.
people clapping
man walks across stage
only fire and fire place.
a man in a dark jacket walks in front of the camera.
the conductor turns to the left.
man facing forward
cheerleaders are cheering in the background while a game is being played.
man driving car appears for the first time.
man lays the mallet down on the the table.
we first see the waterfall
camera pans quickly
bird does not move head or body at all.
can not see fence
rainbow disappears from view
lady leans in for a kiss
a kid runs out the room
baby flails both arms, babling
camera pans up from ground to a lighted tree
person is seen taking video
man walks across stage
the boy in yellow holds his hands behind his back.
the woman jumps off the train.
can see license plate
woman with green coat stops to look
two people are walking together on the left.
the ladies red shirt appears.
people first start to clap
a white van drives past.
we see the white structure in the background.
we see the woman in the helmet.
one of the standing men sits down.
cloud movement changes direction.
sky is not visible for first time.
girl in the center speaks into the microphone.
dolphin jumps out of water to left of boat.
woman in black dress turns around and begins walking off.
we turn left and get close to a fence as light flashes
zoom into hanging people
kid puts food in his mouth while dancing
we pan left to the sun
window moves across frame
girl starts scratching her head
person with baby completely leaves frame to the left.
the camera tips over.
a man in a black cap and hoodie walks past the camera.
the camera pans to show the girl playing the xylophone.
the tees are dark and tunnel like.
a person in a yellow jacket rides past the first time.
the driver is first shown in the clip.
a girl faces the camera
a dog walks left to right in front of the dog.
pigeons start climbing steps.
man in gray and orange shirt appears briefly on the right.
red object starts flipping to the back.
the gray camera with blue screen appears on the right
dog runs away
we first see orange sign.
man points to title on book
complete view of ceiling
yellow fish is last to go left
frame changes to beautiful butterfly
woman in black shirt enters from right
taxi drives by.
woman in blue leaves frame.
lights from all over converge in the center of the frame.
can see a person on the right
camera goes past crowds to get clear shot of fire
man in white shirt walks in door
shows sheet music
camera pans to a closer up image of buildings
kid leaves woman's side
camera pans away from close up of tree
woman has hand on face
dog stands up on back feet
guy walks out
close up of bongo player
train leaves station
stairs come into view
human hand appears from he left and touches flowers.
close up of pods on trees.
guy takes pic of girl walking a guy away
girl playing toy drums
balding man in in black sweater touches his face
bridge first appears
the edge of a bright pink balloon before it reappears a bit later
man in audience takes a swig of his drink
we zoom in to see an alien's head
man makes circls with his hands
scuba diver appears
little girl is in frames
close up of butterfly person alone
golfer places ball on ground
guy in black shirt with green logo walks away
man backs up that is standing on side
person in black passes in front of camera
we see the rear of the train car.
person in white walks across screen
person in crowd waves rainbow flag
girl in pink pants stands on log and then falls
no building seen
man in colonial clothes
the large puppy steps into the ring.
the baby brings her hand to her mouth.
the kid rides behind two vans.
orange, white and green awning in not visible
woman in black shirt stands in front of table with her back to us
dog lifts nose up
girl disappears from frame.
trees first come in view.
arm in a black sleeve appears from right of frame.
woman on left by wall walks away.
kid bows as he finishes playing
5 cars with bike racks on top are in same clip
only water on the right side is dancing
can see people
a man holds up a book with 'leviathan' written on it and then holds up what looks to be some kind of picture in front of it.
the corner of a wing is in frame.
man moves his right arm up and touches his knee
camera angle moves back to the left
a child urges another to join him by slapping the seat.
these are the largest flashes we observe in this sea of darkness.
a man in blue talks about something.
there is a plate with what appear to be snacks here.
man walks in front of camera
woman with heavy beige coat and a pocket book walks by
zooms in on the dinosaur drawing
guy in black coat appears
a person on what looks to be a bike with a trailer attached moves from right to left.
a man with a beard and a hat pulls a gun from his holster and puts it into the air, and then points to his right and fires.
camera zooms in on the men playing the horns.
girl in brown shirt wipes hands on jeans
boat is not shown
woman's hand stroking baby
man with hat turned backward is shown
girl waves to camera
hand rubs baby's belly
a child in black on the right
cat scratches behind ear
man with blue shirt with white logo on it
ice skaters start skating
guitar player rocks back and forth.
woman in blue gloves stands up.
hummingbird at the top right of the screen flies off.
large gray fish appears from behind striped fish.
cat looks up from drinking milk
man spins woman around
red balloon appears.
boy starts holding something up to the camera.
person on right lifts a cup up and starts waving it in the air.
dog walks through frame.
we first see a red roof
animal walks partway down hill, stops and looks at camera
a blue tent is seen
a bright white light flashes across the dark sky.
a guy is sitting on a chair playing a violin.
camera pans right from the audience and zooms to the stage
two men are spotting the one climbing
man walks towards camera carrying bags
camera pans left to a large screen
cat walks away
can see a hand
only one arm of the puppet is moved
man with buzzed hair and blue shirt and jeans is seen
we see the other artists all along his left.
we turn quickly to the right.
guy with hat rubs his nose
boy in the red shirt swings the ball
person in a hat walks by
momma dog comes to check on pups
view from the lead position
lady in black dress comes into view
the police car flies past.
this guy is working some dough over here.
three people skiing
we are able to see the crowd.
the dog turns around.
first time you see very colorful horse
the person unscrews the cap on the bottle.
the mountains on the side of the road appear.
baby and mom side by side
guy teethy grins
the bar first lights up
guy in red and white striped shirt walks by
kitty jumps on bookshelf
woman walks away without swinging bat
man appears
man starts talking
the person touches the baby hands the first time
the steam engine passes out of view and the conductor in a hat becomes more visible
a woman in a dress can be seen from behind picking up an object off the table and raises it to eye level
someone opens the refrigerator
a white table appears for the first time
person standing behind the one holding the flag moves to the right.
baby stands up and goes to the lady.
guy with the tv has his arms folded.
a fish comes out of a hole.
the man in the yellow shirt walks by.
red lights start flashing.
camera pans to the right to show a man drinking out of a green can.
camera zooms in on signs that are on the pole.
man in white walks to the guy in green to the right
everybody acts like they are falling back
a person with a white hat is first visible
the baby looks at the camera
the person with the tv on their head faces the camera
camera zooms out from balcony shot ' dude walks in front of camera
dog moves head away from hand
engine goes past camera
dog in red collar moves to other side of room
person wearing blue moves across camera view
there are no trees visible.
we see the flute player close up.
we see trees and no field.
box is on cats head
girl turns page then boy turns page
only time horse goes other direction
the black animal jumps on top of the yellow one.
a railing is visible
white fireworks are shooting in the air.
we see the building on the right.
the people all come together
a bird flies past the camera very fast
we see a close up of the music the first time
man abruptly sits back against chair
man in gray jacket switches seats
the man looks behind him and points
close up of the guitarist
finger points to map
a lady walks down
the people first stop jumping around the fire
the two people shift positions the first time
the women puts her hand over her face
guy walks to corner of stage
lots of people standing
woman pats table
bird first opens beak
boy looks up at the camera
horse turns in a big circle
the passenger is shown.
we are able to see the man's face.
the baby turns around to face the camera.
the cat lays there as the light circles him.
camera zooms in
the cheerleaders change formation.
white woodwork around the window is visible.
drove under a bridge
man begins to nod his head
nervously moves hair behind ear
man puts around other man
people walk off screen on right
train passes
the waterfall on the left is no longer visible.
we see the patch of pine trees on the right.
a shadow on the right moves across the rock in the foreground
the person in the black shirt raises his arm and seems to rub his head
the man in the white shirt and dark vest lowers his arm from a raised position lowers
red firework in the sky
bee guy appears in clip
green thing enters frame
woman in pink rides through frame on motorcycle from left to right
the most wing is visible
a black pole is briefly visible
the camera is righted after being shifted around
the stopped motorcycle resumes motion
a unicyclist enters the frame on the right.
the girl in pink gets up off the floor.
the scene switches from all water to all land.
someone with a yellow flag appears briefly then disappears
camera pans to outside
red car drives by
man starts singing
woman spreads her hands apart while speaking to camera
onthe the top of the white beanie hat is visible
bird flies in to pot
the moment the bug holds on to the door and the hand moves away.
the moment the camera fades or shifts away from the water.
the moment when the person cuts the tie with scissors.
woman pours bigger jug of liquid into a cup.
guy moves the sheep between his legs as he shaves it
view pans right to show road
camera pans right from robot dog to real dog
camera zooms in to a waterfall in the distance
camera zooms in close to babys face
the performers are no longer visible
before person approaches the machine
two people standing on the road
the whole in cave is now very small
the camera briefly shows the entirety of a camera man standing in the room.
baby first looks up
boy first looks at camera
person writes number in front of the 7
zoom in on the baby
water explodes at camera
baby smiles as they take a bite
spiders body is right above center seam of the web
one rodent falls on its back and squirms
dog gets up and walks off
the rest of the plastic strip is shown.
camera is looking at two animals then quickly switches to one.
camera pans back right from truck to capital
only two cats left in screen shots
lady brushes her hair back
finished folding. showing the final product
guy at end has fist out like hitler
the camera operator is walking.
we see the hand of the dog's owner.
the cord rises sharp and quickly.
the person walks over the white line.
glass is centered in frame
man bends over
people are all gone
screen on left is first visible
hand pops up
camera pans to windows
a wave splashes water onto the camera lens
guitar player on left appears then disappears
man lifts both hands to his head
we are now looking at a tree
the polar bears walk past each other
someone brings something to the man at the podium
camera passes by girl with black hair and yellow shirt.
cook pours something in his bowl.
woman hands man cup
a large vehicle with a bar of white lights on top approaches.
the lighting is purple.
we see the foamy water cresting.
we see the man in the blue back pack.
a parachute falls to the ground.
the man grabs the fallen piece.
clock disappears from frame then reappears.
bird jerks its head to the front toward the camera then goes back to eating.
the drummers come into view
the plane passes over an area of cultivated grass and small roads.
a shirtless man blows out a stick on fire.
a person with an umbrella walks by.
red lanterns hang from a line.
boy comes into view
women are farthest from camera
caps are thrown in the air.
a dark area in the landscape moves into view and begins to fill the left side of the image
two men holding suit cases leave the soccer field
times when man in white is moving to the left
the baby is looking to the right and then takes a bite of corn cob
the child rapidly moves their hand.
the dog goes into the floatation device.
the orange fish shows.
a large log is thrown.
the girl nods her head and briefly looks down.
pans from stadium to to the right to a man laughing
everyone has exited the stage
boy scoots away from camera and sits
guy with tambourine stretches arm
we see smoke rising from a smokestack.
the red paper flip onto the ant.
the camera swings to the black goat.
the chickens both kick their feet only one time, at the same time.
boy comes around corner
dancers sping around for the first time
a thumb blocks the view for a moment
person unfolds paper
person first appears
overhead lights not visible at start of frame
a little boy in a green shirt shoots for a hoop and makes a basket.
a little girl falls while sliding on a small section of ice in the yard.
guy turns around
man hands first appear
man appears
girl touches mans hand
water is smoothest
box is opened
woman lifts jug from table
the workers put the new sign on the wall.
a car drives by.
a person in blue walks past.
we see the mast and sail.
they jump in.
we see the engine from the side.
the man in red goes down.
the person in white in the background disappears from the frame.
we are able to see the spire.
a baby photo is shown.
the closest kangaroo steps forward.
camera first pans right
child wavea arms wildly
woman puts dog in float
guy walking to the left on stage
the word up first appears
the red trailer moves out of the frame.
the man wearing blue puts their hands in the air
the man first starts playing the tambourine
screen turns blue
cube appears on screen
a waiter walks behind the woman with a tray
the person with a black backpack disappears.
red light flashes.
a woman is standing.
a house with a grey cement gate is shown.
the bird crosses a orange-yellow painted line.
guy hangs on to keep from falling
brown goat then pans to black
man walks in front of camera
tail flaps once then doesnt come back up
cats actually rolling around
the camera zooms into the lights.
the person in the red shorts runs into the person with the gray shirt.
the people hanging from the zip line are shown.
person singing wipes forehead and brushes hair back
train goes past camera
pets the white ' grey rat on lap
camera pans left to a big screen showing a man in white
man on the left hits ball
the camera moves from looking at the woman in blue to the larger crowd
the microphone moves closest to the man
we see the man wearing green and white for the first time
a train on the background.
man wearing black and red turns back.
picture image is shown
kangaroo on the left waves
a large round bush passes.
the orange object is visible for the first time
very few fish
hand is briefly visible on giant clam
we see a line of yellow tanks.
person in the back of the bleachers holds up a red sign.
some boats come into view.
the cat climbs up on the table.
bird walks up the branch a little
big white arrow in lane
biker passes a white car on the his right
man in pink shirt is feeding a goat
flashing object starts out mostly purple and is mostly white at the end of the frame
white 18-wheeler is seen
train begins to move
cat pounces cat closest to camera then jumps up out of view
camera zooms in on guy in the blue and white scarf
guy in red lays down on the grass
a child his hand on hip, turn their back and walks towards the center of the room.
people start running around
people on pier come into view
dancer crosses legs
kid in white shirt sits down
splattered man in seen
camera passes behind a tree
island comes into view on left, then camera quickly pan rigt
boy goes up to mom in the chair
the man with the flowers in his hand walks off the scene to the left.
the carousel starts rotating.
man with pink shirt goes below arm of white shirt man.
lady touches the barrel.
man in black tshirt walks out of view
a tennis ball rolls near the net.
a refrigerator door is closed.
the black train enters and leaves the shot.
the boy looks over his shoulder.
the cameraman pans away from his face.
the boy runs out of the room and back in.
brown horse turns around and starts running back toward black horse
child takes green object from older man
man head exits frame to right
boy in white shirt comes into view
the person with the black shirt is no longer visible
three eggs are revealed.
a red sign is focused on.
a person removes their hat.
the cat is lying down.
man with blue hemet and white suspenders comes into view
camera zooms in on fallen toy
man on cell phone turns around to look behind himself
this frame has the greatest velocity
a man in a yellow shirt makes an entrance into the scene underneath the arch.
two people walk to the end of the boat and reach down.
this frame mainly focuses on one orange balloon.
person in stripes has hands behind back
someone is walking across the street
kids nets the ball'
kid fell while ice skating
man teaching the boy puts his arm down
man in black runs from left to right in front of the elephant
the boy jumps up and down
the men in the green shirts are shown.
the man in black starts pulling up the line.
the camera gets closer to the man's face.
shadowplanet first appears
waves first appear
screen starts black
the sky is no longer shown.
the person in black raises one of his hands.
everyone dancing raises their hands.
woman takes little boys arms from around her neck.
the crashed trailer is shown.
the white van drives by.
the shirtless man with clown makeup is shown.
the camera zooms out.
a brown rectangle appears on the screen.
the machine starts moving its arm.
no clouds in clip
camera zooms into hill
two people stand watching butterflies in a butterfly garden.
a creature appears on the right
woman in blue shirt pouring something out of bowl.
the man in blue looks at the camera.
guitar player in the middle of the stage backs up then steps back forward.
turtle swims past a pole
a boy wearing orange is first seen
we can now see a red object
viewing under water, no head
a van comes into view
the first bus exits the field of view
large school of dark fish is visible
scene zooms in
kitty gets down
dog walks away
the man waving the american flag appears.
the boy looks directly into the camera.
the person with the animal mask appears.
a group of people with their hands out are shown.
he blows one flame out.
the man in the brown shirt with the umbrella appears to be walking alone.
child in black walks around group
lights turn yellow for the first time
people walking in front of the camera
zoom in on dogs in the water
guy first appears
screen goes from blue to dark
a woman flaps her arms in the car while driving.
a black and red car crash into each other.
shows camera guy
dog lays down
full thumb comes into view
the little girl falls down on the bed
the child reaches out.
the boy looks at his audience.
lady with a scarf comes close to the camera.
there are no parts of people visible
the snake strikes upwards.
firetruck comes into view
the band comes into view more clearly
dogs start running
driver takes one hand off the wheel
woman with bright blue hair and brown animal like ears come s into view
a sliver of an orange chair is in the foreground.
an ant trail comes out of some grass.
a man hits a golf ball.
the dog looks at the camera
a tree and house pass by quickly
red shirt falls to the ground
lightpost first appears
large waterfall exits left of frame
wooden fence exits left of frame
girl passes camera
camera zooms out from structure
fire truck drives in
man waves hand at other man
dogs run on snow
man in white shirt sits down
smiling man comes into view
the camera moves drastically to the left, following the steam.
the laptop screen is visible.
man can be seen raising his arms
tallest girl is closest to camera
the guitarist looks behind him
the bluish tint is not longer visible
the parent is first seen
the piece is finally set in place.
the frame ends with the dancers spinning.
man in yellow shirt exits the frame
cat jumps down and runs under the bench
boy in white looks back
cat jumps towards map on the wall
the lights go out
the woman in the white coat leaves.
the camera exits the building
a girl with blonde hair enters the shot.
another child quickly enters and leaves.
camera zooms out
woman runs hand through hair
machine moves forward
the camera zooms in on the lady with a large black skirt.
the camera man walks right down the side of the fence.
dog wanders around people
woman claps
no people visible
camera passes bus
the woman opens up the folder.
worm starts crawling
passing a white truck
dog flops on ground
train begins moving
handrail comes into view
closest to people pushing the swing
person first appears in frame
second polar bear appears
person in bottom right corner of frame is clapping hands vigorously.
child enters and goes to podium
we begin zooming in on the device
the camera moves in to view the man with the full beard
man lifts a lighted object up close to his face.
man points out the window to his left
vehicle the woman is in passes a gas station
white car passes
man exits frame
spider brings its prey closer
title appears
dog looks up at camera
person wipes the thing
baby crawls toward dog
people first appear
no clouds in frame
woman turns to camera
woman plays with hair
black bar appears on screen
man leans in from left
girl raises hands
the man in the gray shirt to the right is walking.
the light becomes blue from white
the man wearing orange points at the accordion
baby pulls dogs tail
lady in yellow appears
zooms out from the guy
child in striped shirt runs forward
screen changes from two people to one
woman in white rides away
zoom in on speaker
the lady in black runs over to the boys.
the person moves their foot.
we pass the van on the side of the road.
boy in gray shirt first walks onto white paper
stage lights are blue
dirty pool comes into view
3 become 5 become 7
wheels start to spin
man turns around at the end of the runway
a head passes in front of the camera
a bicycle passes through
people standing on a corner
small building at its closest
girl playing large horn can be seen at closest zoom
adult slaps the table
big fish in the water briefly
kaber is tossed
girl starts talking
the cat jumps up and touches the poster
the motorcyclists past the cameraman the first time
we see the sky very briefly
singer walks right to the band behind him
little girl in purple pulls her bow out of her hair
lady in red dress bows and turns to walk off stage swinging her dress
camera pans down then back up
sign appears
baby drops and steps away from red item
close up of man shaking a big maraca
car tail light is first seen
black piece on the left touches top left corner on the frame
the man sings into the microphone.
guy in green comes and help the dude
little girl flips her hair
the view of the dogs face switches to an underwater view of his legs.
the baby starts to fall towards the lady.
the vehicle passes by in the background.
go under 2 bridges
man picks something up in the street
cant wait for christmas shows on screen
the camera quickly zooms in on the turntable.
a boy in a dark blue shirt passes by quickly close to the camera and joins the others.
the red car drives away while the other cars are still.
the person fumbles around trying to find something.
the camera zooms into a video camera screen.
the child stands up for the first time.
the dog tries licking or biting the side of the snow with his mouth.
a yellow and black fish swims straight forward.
water flows over a small ledge.
a man on sprinkles something from the shelf onto the griddle.
four people stand at front of stage and bow
the dog runs around the table.
the camera pans to the man in the brown coat.
the bicycle approaches two red cars.
the man in the pink shirt takes the blue container away from the animal.
we are able to see the standing man.
man turns head toward the bird and looks down briefly
the man in orange stops playing and puts the wind instrument down.
woman in white walks off
first time person is seen
girl in black walks into scene
another child run through
the horizon is visible for the first time
man in white shirt walks up from right then stops and stands in middle of frame
large white building visible on right
close up of dogs in water
the side wall exits picture
a reddish dog goes to the right
almost all of the wheel barrel is shown
the camera is turned sideways for a brief moment
the dirt trail is visible for the first time
we come to a complete stop at the red light
the camera focuses on a woman wearing a light colored scarf walking by.
a person crosses the entire frame from left to right.
person in bright blue gives someone a hug
guard is closes to camera
man comes into view
sunset/sunrise comes into view for the first time
baby puts fingers in his mouth
woman walks through frame as camera pans right
kid in blue shirt hops through frame
dog comes into view
workers put up a new sign
a car passes by
an individual walks in the doorway in the back of the room
green sign partially covers view of camera
blue umbrellas can be seen
cat jumps up to the window
child runs to doorway
man turns cheese on its side
camera pans from building to people
land first appears
rocket launches
dog runs in tight circles
large bunch of bubbles appears then floats up
bald man says something to the camera for the first time
singer is alone on stage
yellow fish appears
outside of pool is first shown
a dark blue bus comes up on the left.
the multicolored dog's head is grabbed a second time by the woman.
text flashes across the screen.
the baby sticks out its tongue a second time.
the cat on the shelf first commits to jumping on the other cat.
entire house is visible
lights on top come on
the shirtless man points at the screen.
the second man is seen.
we are closest to the yellow thing
a glass door is shown in sharp focus
the counter top is clear
people that are inside the vehicle camera is in
the wing of the plane is showing on the left
person begins to move away from decorations
camera pans right to the road
zooms in to the yellow kayak
cat goes through door
people clapping
guy in green shirt appears
a person wearing a bright yellow vest is seen
the land is no longer visible and all we see is ocean
the little boy is first seen
camera zooms away from fish
glass elevator goes up
camera is looking out the glass door and pans left to a person sitting
camera zooms in to show one person playing an instrument
an ivy fence blocks the view
boy looks up briefly
camera pans left
red bus can be seen
you can see man in white shirt on train
woman walks towards table a
no water is shown.
no land is seen.
the dog stars into the camera before running.
we see a man leaning on the railing.
the parrot first becomes visible
the dog kicks the yellow ball
the boy is facing away from the camera
the train is no longer visible
the wooden plank bridge comes into view
the first time the cat hits the ball back to the man
camera zooms in
what looks like a sombrero or hat is in scene
boy in checkered shirt walks through doorway
camera view is shaken a bit
the focus shifts up just a little bit
red car drives by some green chairs on the right
the worm scares the cameraman in this frame
the man with the flowers is first visible
the person takes a drink
the boy with the green striped shirt reaches up
from a building to half a chrysler
man holds arms up in a v
man wearing a number 8 jersey comes into view
we see the road.
the cat is let outside.
the girl turns around for a second time.
the back end of the line breaks off to stand on the line.
the shadow of the railing disappears.
caps start to fly
black car pulls away from the cross walk
yellow jeep goes past camera
the lady closes the folder.
the kid stops dancing.
man starts wiping face
the camera zooms out on the baby.
man bicycles into center screen from the beyound the screen to the right.
camera pans from the center of the trolley to outside the trolley window to the right.
lady in purple shirt first comes into view
purple banner comes into view
little girl in front falls backwards
man on bottom right screen sits down
zooms in to ant hill
man in red shirt crosses the screen
man hands drink to other man
cat jumps on bookcase
brown dog stops licking little dog
camera shows garmin
little girl looks up at camera
man lifts up a piece of board
red book with h is moved
we see the train for the first time
woman enters, stands in door, then begins dancing.
person points at the switch with their finger.
people walk through the clip from left to right.
girl in white shirt spins, stops, then spins again.
large tree trunk passes out of frame
horn player raises horn to lips
camera shows passenger
camera pans to passenger in cart
guy dressed in black shrugs.
person flips the baby around.
little kid runs around other kid dressed in white.
potato head begins to speak.
guy holding red sign that says 'stop greed'
shows robot toy laying on ground then a guy talking
large guy in front of parade turns his back to camera than back around front
skier swings arms up at they pass by
guitar player steps left
purple flowers are visible
something swims quickly along the shoreline briefly
ants form a line and climb up the white surface
people can be seen in front of the stage briefly
a blonde wraps a cloth around her.
a balloon appears from the sky.
swinging child contacts woman.
a child in blue is held by a man in a baseball hat.
the child jumps around on the floor.
two girls in yellow walk up stairs.
the band is all seen at once.
we see the water flowing over the stairs.
the lady on the end shovels food onto a plate.
blue guy kicks up left leg
girl puts hand up to her eyes
the focus is on a skull decoration only
person appears standing outside the train.
man points to the white object he's holding
man disappears and it zooms in on the turtle
person runs across court
a woman grabs her necklace.
a woman takes her first step up the mountain.
a bird goes into a cauldron.
the boy wearing the red and white shirt puts his arms above his head
a small boat comes into view
the baby is no longer wrapped up
a person with a yellow flag is visible
a young girl picks something up from the ground.
child first stands up
man throws something
women come into view
one of the otters runs away
the man taps the things hes holding.
baby is flipped on back by person in black.
kid in white dances and swings arm around while being circled.
camera moves to the left of the potatohead.
a handheld flag is lifted
a playground is first seen
the boy runs into another room
a person in dark clothing walks out of the upper left corner of the frame
cheers'
two men in dark jackets hurry by.
the dog leaves the toy at the end of the hall.
a person points at the yellow chick.
the worker stirs the fries.
black plane comes into view
girl bends over to pick something up
a yellow car passes by
the buildings passing by are shown.
men in front of room demonstrate fighting skills.
man in white holds his hand in the air.
background lighting changes from red to blue.
close up of one bird
dog looks up and turns head to the left
woman holds up her cup then spins around
cats waving tail fills frame
the woman walks away from the car for the first time.
a blue and tan house with a brown roof passes
the pigeon stops in front of a yellow object and pecks the ground.
the waves look bigger.
red car enters pic
dog throws himself down
only the engine is seen
table comes into closeup view
person in lower right of frame lifts hand to head
squirrel turns a little away from the camera and sits up
camera moves towards the baby eating corn.
woman in blue hugs man
the yellow dog goes underneath the table
the video changes from still frame to movement
the baby starts to smile
the second cat first comes into view
boy walks in front of camera
person with camera walks to back of class while faces the front
rocket shoots into sky
dog stops and looks up
mans face looks at camera
the toddler drops the bag
we see people in the arch to the left of the musicians
a car's bright headlights float left quickly in the dark
the server carrying a platter first becomes visible
the crane in the distance moves up for the first time
arrow appears on ground
green section of the truck is passing the camera
both legs are seen kicking
the boy looks up from the piano
the boy in the white hat is walking, holding the woman's hand.
the girl in pink throws the food to the lizard.
the camera pans to the man wearing the striped scarf
the first time a camera flash is seen
a person wearing an orange shirt falls on their back
camera pans right to show person for second time
x goes away
the dog eats food he dropped on the floor.
bottom left,someone's pointy hat seen
two people in black clothing walk across the frame from left to right
man points at yellow object
someone crosses in front of camera from right to left
see a skeleton all of a sudden
the dogs run around near the big tree in the background.
the woman in black abruptly drops down out of the frame.
we can now see more of the person playing the violin
a couple walks past the camera man
the brown rat makes a getaway from the leg trap.
the scene changes from black and white to red.
the rifle is raised
a person walks through the frame
a person in white socks walks through the frame in the background
the 2 men in the front are showed centered.
a home is shown briefly.
no purple blob is yet seen.
a person receives a white bag
the child with his hands on the globe shakes his head vigorously from side to side
a person in a white jacket, standing before the children, steps out of view
the camera zooms in on the record
a person rides by very closely with a stick in hand
the red car leaves the screen
woman wearing black shirt and black backpack races alongside parade float.
wild cat stands still to vocalize.
human reaches out to touch dog's face.
girl sits on steps of outdoor water fountain.
the screen on the wall is completely visible.
the camera zooms into the birds.
the camera zooms in on the sign.
the man grabs the microphone.
the baby takes the bow out of her hair.
the lady in red in front turns and walks off.
we see the canopy and the camera clears.
man deadlifts weights and put them down.
the black dog runs around the wooden patio table.
finally see a boat
not much lights are shown
the guitarist swings his left hand done for one brief moment
the man in the white shirt disappears out of the right side of the frame
the machine starts moving.
the dog runs around with the blue ball in its mouth.
the woman in black leaves the frame.
speeding up until almost at the blue sign on the right.
bus pulls off out of screen to the right.
words fade in and then out over the video.
red engine leaves the frame
the dancers kneel down
we are now looking at the guy sitting down
woman with bouquet comes into view
white building on the right moves out of frame
man wearing blue backpack first appears
people first appear
man walks away from machine then comes back
girl to the right pointing down
we see the base of the tree for the first time
the meerkats jump on top of each other the first time
the smaller animal is stationary, but also picks up and puts down its head
only the man in the yellow suit is focused on
the little girl hands her toy to the parent
the man points to the wooden object
the person moves the book with the h inscription
boy climbs back on to chair
ladies in red ' yellow shirt go inside
camera stays zoomed in
guy in white shirt appears
the light changes from red to white
a penguin dives underneath the others
the dog stops chewing his toy and looks away
the woman points at her drink erratically
smaller piece of land comes into view
sharks first come into view
giant clam first closes
camera moves to the front of the dj stand
the two lights flash green then red
the boy reaches his arm around the man's neck
a person wearing green is first visible
another train first passes the camera
the camera pans up to see more of the monitor
the blue firework quickly turns orange.
one cat stands over the other to play.
white sign no longer visible
cheetah stands still and chirps
camera pans way out
someone puts a book into the box for the first time
the skater moves across the blue circle
someone rides by on a unicycle.
the background first lightens up to the left.
cheerleaders start to dance.
baby takes first bite
one baby falls off and struggles
we see the cat for the first time.
man in yellow shirt walks out of screen.
white cat hides under the bed.
the plane starts moving slowly.
starts panning way too fast
dog swaps people
lady claps fast
group goes from sitting to breaking apart
bird flys by
camera zooms in on sheet music
we see the music that is playing in the car
we begin zooming in on the screen
the blue book is inserted.
we cross over the blue circle on the ground.
we can see the treats close up.
the person in the back row is moving to the left.
the man puts his hand on the wall.
people are walking on the sidewalk.
little boy looks up from taking a picture
man in red ' black does a small bow ' wave
we look to the left and then the right very quickly
the man wearing purple points toward his right
the person's hand pushes the dog's tail.
we see the hands of a another person holding a camera.
we move to the front of the baby.
other puppets join ernie ' bert
guy shakes his head
phone moves out of view
guy playing video game takes of headset and hands it to girl next to him.
fish first appears next to boat and creates big splash.
snake almost makes it to the grass
camera pans down to show water flow
shows 2 scuba divers
the girl stands the first time.
man picks up microphone and hold to mouth
view of life jackets
clouds pass of to side and blue sky appears
the cyclists pass an orange sign.
we can see a person with orange shirt.
person hits the table.
bird makes its first movement.
man moves face close to camera
little animal rutns right and waddles away
man in blue walks past the red car
the drummer is visible on the two smaller screens
person on steps starts playing
big red burst
bee becomes visible
we see the wheel on a bike
lots of lights closer to us
lady in blue dress on the side
2 orange balloons hit screen
man walks by yellow tent
people walk toward camera
the bottle is tipped towards a glass.
man cuts the cheese in half
cars appear
screen goes from black to leaves
one of the people put their hand to their nose/mouth
a dog's tail goes by and off screen.
person in blue walks in front of the camera.
woman turns camera toward window
black dog runs towards the camera and away from it.
camera moves towards the men dressed in black.
rhino turns to walk forward.
man in yellow first appears
chef is pouring something
child looks away
child appears to scratch out what he wrote
man turns to his right ' looks behind him
person leading the line with a white sparkling hat goes out of view
camera turns around to show people
person in black dances in front of the camera
top of the tree appears
muskrat from the bottom gets up
first time there are 2 people
the man in the back noticably moves
the man takes a few steps
two people are seen
horse runs really close by the camera
old man puts the toy on the kid's ear
doors open and we go inside
someones head is shown on bottom left
we see the field for the first time.
the black car drives in the roundabout.
the man in brown is singing.
the goal is shown for the first time
the first time a street sign is shown
water is not visible.
plane just starts to take off
dog lays on ground and wiggles on back
male in black shirt and female in pink/white shirt smile with tongue out and throw peace sign.
male in green shirt with glasses smiles.
rc car drives around on the ground.
rc car continues to drive around on the gound.
rc car continues to drive around on the ground.
man in white and black plaid shirt turns to camera and touches stomach.
man in white and black plaid shirt turns to camera and shows us his half cut beard.
man in white and black plaid shirt touches his half cut beard.
man in white and black plaid shirt shakes his head no while touching his half cut beard.
bird comes into full view
food dish bowls appear
kid rubs his hands togeather
red train car appears
camera moves to outside
woman flaps her arms up and down
red car spins out.
adult's hand reaches in and separates the buckets for the baby.
bikes on left catch up and pass the driver.
close up starts of man in yellow shirt.
girl joins boy in frame.
the camera is looking down at the ground
we can now see the two ladies
the man in the suit catches something
the little girl in the red dress sits down briefly
a bicycle wheel is first visible
we can now see a dump truck
the player wearing black falls down
a green road sign becomes visible as it passes by
from 3 spinners to 7
camera jumps at the end of clip
a man swims over a large turtle while scuba diving.
girl in white top and black pants runs to the right off screen
clips show the lady reported by herself
boy in grey is the last one down the hill
guy moves one lit torch to his other hand
'shadowplanet' is first seen.
the frame mostly focuses on buildings.
the cityscape cannot be seen
least amount of greenery is visible
everyone is holding their arms up
black fades to the video.
the boy in black falls down.
a girl in light blue hat walks by.
the seats are shown.
the toy is turned off.
man is talking to baby
setting sun is not visible
child puts his finger in his mouth.
camera pans from the wall up to the ceiling.
camera zooms in closer to electronic devise.
the shark swims by.
the camera zooms in.
one otter runs left out of view
the camera jiggles.
the camera moves so that he stage is centered.
we can see the bare leg of a man dancing.
we see the men in yellow vests.
the side videos turn red
we first see a keyboard
camera turns on side
person first appears
we are moving.
person on right with backpack sits down
red lights flash with the blue ' green
camera moves to show table
little girl looks from camera to beater of icing'
camera goes from ground up to guys face
blue screen of words to dark scene
woman points at something on the table
rapids are visible
woman near camera raised both arms briefly
woman holds up both hands with palms facing camera
the girl scratches her head.
the cheerleaders clap and crouch down.
clouds cover the sun.
we pan to the life vests on the right
a red car is revealed.
a blonde with a headband pumps her fist.
zoomed in on menu
the camera zooms into the people on the stage.
the train appears and passes by.
the cat places its paw on the toy.
screen turns blue
man in red first appears
man reaches across bar
dogs chasing the ball
volkswagon bug appears
the yellow jeep is no longer in view
persons face comes into view
child dips hands in paint
cat spins in circles
12'49 in the dark becomes 12'49 in the red light
the screen changes to blue.
the screen is blank white.
the speaker holds his paper up.
man skis downhill and disappears from frame
man backs away from woman
a woman walks across the frame from right to left
a boy in a gray shirt gallops across the room
a dog walks into the frame
person zooms out.
goes from black to a dim lit room
person on the right puts down their phone
boy in black falls during tug of war
some of the people are now out of view of the camera
the man wearing glasses puts his hands down for the first time
the man points at the water
we can now see the side of the train
the performer lowers his arm and hand down and around his hips as he prances across the stage
the number 1968 is on the white page and when the boy removes it the number 20 is on the next page.
toddler flipping the pages of his book
the waves first appear
man hops down off of platform
single woman clapping and dancing
player in black served ball
guy enters from left
we see the 5 photos on the gray wall
the man appears.
we can see the crowd.
child jumps up
camera pans left to show girl
train doors close
red needle starts to move
bus passes on the left
person removes headphones
title appears
train stops moving
man in white shirt can be briefly seen
kid looks at camera for the first time
dancers spin around each other for the first time
man first stands up from looking at computer
man first passes in front of 2009
truck exits frame
camera flips on its side briefly
boom swings and dumps
boy in green touches other boy's back
a red race car zooms by
fish appears
black dog has a pink frisbe
guy in the hat sits down
lady in pink shirt turns in front of the camera
the otter drinks water.
the speaker lifts his head for the second time.
baby swings left arm at person
before the door is opened
camera tilts wildly
boy in green spins hand
woman in striped beanie reaches out to man
a few people walk past the camera
trail disappears from view
joe text is visible
bright camera flashes the first time
object rolls to the filing cabinet.
white backpack disappears
feet can be seen
the view is blocked for almost the entire frame
skier adjusts camera and moves away
clip only shows the bushy trees
camera zooms in to mans face and pans righ
part of man's face is visible
person begins to touch broken screen
a man stands at a podium.
lady in pink scarf walks by
the flying thing goes past the pole
train just pulls into station
man shakes his phone
a person's foot is in the bottom left
a bike first appears
a young boy rolls a toy across a table to a little girl
camera pans right to little boy
rock falls on guy
person wearing all black in background with arms crossed.
the hand is not visible on the screen.
the golden leaves are visible.
someone is seen running from right to left.
girl leans forward
doors open and shut for first time
close up of flute player
red bull sign is visible
before you can see the actual bowling lane
person drinks from their bottle
man begins walking
white objects on screen
people begin to march
baby begins crawling
bird is first seen
woman covers baby's face
another train passes by
man in black t-shirt walks backwards for a moment
person's hand taking picture in left corner
zoom waaaay in then back out
boy in yellow comes into view
piece of food is thrown the first time
cats stop fighting with each other
person in gray using arm to block sun from their eyes briefly comes into view on right of frame
boy kneels down
person hesitantly starts to pedal
person opens door
guy sits down
kid runs up then off to right
girl in back adjusts her headwrap
zoom in on baby
camera zooms in
last person on stairs makes it up to top
camera pans up to show singer with guitar
girl stops drumming and moves off seat
camera pans left to show 2 guys in white jackets
person with yellow bag
lights appear
toy approaches boy
man starts looking down.
camera zooms in
person makes a dramatic facial expression
tv screen first comes into view
you can see a man in the background
she pushes a button
an otter gets a drink of water then backs away then stops drinking.
man flips paper over.
red car zooms by
big boat goes by
people go under water
person opens a glass door
the guy in the back stands up in front of the tv then sits again.
baby stands up
zooms into person
camera moves from in front to the left
guy in red hat comes into view
white target comes into view
green firework in the air
the bird performs a silly looking body wiggle.
a man in plaid causes a woman to stumble.
someone is really bored, so they read a booklet.
a small white flash is observed.
camera zooms in close to baby
little kid in red falls down
frame ends with white object just about to exit frame on right
hand comes into view
no sparks or smoke
tree is shown
camera pans left to show big wheels
pug with red collar stands up and shakes
little girl runs up to kid
baby turns upside down
camera zooms in
a baby points her finger.
a group of people clap their hands.
raises arm into the air
doors are first shown
the ladies turn and look at the camera
girl crosses her legs
text shows up
water sprays backwards, bottom left for the first time
trees begin to move in the wind for the first time
little girl bends to reach something
doors shut for the first time
the view gets closer to the flutist
man in red passes through fram
dog leaves room for the first time
kid in green runs over and picks up stuff on floor
baby first looks down
dog grabs red toy
man in yellow stands up straight
trapeze artist catches the other guy
speaker stretches out right arm
third animal comes into view
naked baby runs towards the camera
baby eatting the book
toddler touches the mirror
the camera zooms into the ground
woman takes her eyes off the road
red carpet comes into view
the wipers come on
baby claps hands against its legs
camera loses focus
cat lies down
yellow tower comes into view
person with long blond hair comes into view
we pass a long row of parked cars on our right
the man pulls the first print from the press.
the black truck enters and exits.
the first glimpse you see the large boat enter frame.
whatever it is goes under the water.
machine starts to rise
cat jumps to top of chair
woman with orange and white purse
no people in the frame
a white vehicle makes a sharp left turn
a black object first comes into view on the right.
an object flashes on the left side of the screen.
cat jumps up to the top of the chair.
man places hands in lap
two men running down the beach
only individuals dressed in all black walking the track
before the chandelier begins to grow
animal yawns at the end
we are closest to the sign on the wall
structure comes into view on the right
the moment you see the man in red is wearing glasses.
she sets the drink down.
person in red gets on helicopter and stays
hat stays on child's for the longest period
reflection in glass moves right to left
title comes into view
robot starts to move
baby is closest to camera
light changes from yellow to red
person puts their finger in man's left ear
a hand touches a metal object.
a bug flies off a branch.
a wand is pointed at some rock objects.
lines on the road appear
lady rocking her baby touches her lips
no disturbance in liquid
zoom out from man
at the top of the slide
the window washers have finished
we pass the white lines
someone walks through frame
pan up to show sky
man taps egg on plate
baby picks up phone ' puts cord in mouth
vertical pole comes into view
cat walks under bicycle
person in purple shirt appears
a squirrel jumps on stump
pans past vending machines
little girl runs up to boy
woman plays with her hair
the creature disappears under the rocks
a butterfly lands on a leaf.
the sidewalk is in view
the best view of the fire
sparks shoot out
close up of a tree
baby first rolls over
view is very dark for a brief moment
baby opens mouth
black guy in blue walks across the screen
guy put hand on ground
a squirrel jumps up to get some seeds.
a fast glimpse of the toilet.
a man in a pink shirt set something down on a chair.
person on escalator is almost to the floor
camera pans left then up
before camera man has a seizure
person tries to put something on the dog
man in green shirt holds his right arm
man puts first pile of dirt in the box
the camera walks up behind people
woman walks over sits down
boy looks back at camera
man in glass walks through frame from r to l
a sliver of sky is visible
the caterpillar wriggles past a bolt.
a white shirt sleeve appears briefly on the right.
the woman holds something up to the camera.
no blue bike in the background.
the train doors are open
a tree creeps into the right hand side of the frame.
steps are first shown on the walkway.
cat starts to follow the man's hand along the railway.
a person pushes a child on a swing.
the camera moves.
the first hamster jumps off
a car drives through a flooded area.
shirtless helmsman comes into view
yellow helmet comes into view
the camera zooms out.
the guy scoots back on the floor
the guys run off down the beach.
the horse walks back around to the front.
baby has spoon in mouth for first time
screen shakes and adjusts
lid pops up for first time
camera first starts to zoom in on an object
the boy takes off his sunglasses.
the cat starts to scratch his head.
camera pans away from baby and back again
pass egg hand to hand
boy throws two objects in the air
girl looks at camera
deer first start to look spooked and stir
kid goes to back of the crib
the kid puts his hand on his mouth.
the dancers cross each other switching places in the frame.
the man has his left hand up.
man walks away from the black 2009 sign until it leaves the frame.
fire first shown
dog sits down
man runs behind group
man hands bowl to someone
camera pans right from the stage onto the crowd.
woman in red backs out of shot.
man in drivers seat touches the ceiling of the car.
woman with blue gloves puts her hands on her face.
bird flies away
our lowest point on the escalator
people come into view
the man is closest to the bottom
the view becomes close up to rock climber
girl points at camera
woman walks toward table and walks away
only the girl in pink wiggles slightly, while the other remains stationary.
here is a man.
man walks into view for first time
motorbike goes past
person moves hands briefly
man with green long sleeved shirt rides past on bike
the building that is all the way to the right
the lights are all white on stage
three men dance on a stage, the middle one flails and headbangs while holding a microphone
the light shines brightly for the first time.
the boys first exit the screen.
the little boy's head first appears.
camera first pans left
she flings her hair several times.
the moment two people cross paths.
person finishes making dish
water first shoots up
camera shakes and moves out
woman comes into view
person puts on back pack
zoom in on girls
baby throws ball
person in red shirt in veiw
dont see trail
person comes walking at the camera
the moment the baby sits back.
the bird first puts its beak into the water.
we see a man leaning on the blue and white sign/fence.
the goat takes something from his hand and runs away.
camera zoom out from man
blue light disappared
one dog jump up on his leg in camera view
truck pulling carts enters and exits.
a bug lands
person on left comes slightly into view
woman in red shirt is shown
the camera pulls up on the left hand side of the boy
the first white car passes
a street performer busking.
person in white walks down walkway from left to right
person in red-ish orange vest disappears off the right of the screen
person on the left kicks their foot
baby crawls across white rug
a green sign comes into view
the boy faces the camera.
the man stops spraying the dog for a second
camera zooms in
baby opens its left eye for a second
dog with red harness shakes
teacher first begins to walk forward
man in tan shirt puts both hands on keys for first time
red van passes camera
a large white column obstructs the camera for an instant.
writing is visible.
the camera zooms in.
people float down
two people in blue walk through frame in the foreground for the first time
hand comes into view for the first time
door is opened
little girl looks at camera
a stops playing the trumpet.
a person pats a child on his back.
a man places his foot next to the tire of a bicycle.
people on a bridge
man in straight jacket is pushed away
woman appears on stage next to performer
the trolley begins to move forward.
the object changes direction for the first time.
baby stands from knees position
focus on red sores
there are no skiers on the slope.
couple in background walks out of view
camera goes past an old water tower
singing reindeer moves head from facing right back to center
guy and girl both step up forward at the same time
view shows a light colored brown cow
one dog is on red mat
girl puts on boys glasses
cat scratches ear
woman in red looks behind herself over her right shoulder
woman on end of sofa comes into full view
dogs run full lap around structure
quick flash of white disc
man makes it to top of stairs
guitar player is centered in frame
girl takes her hands of the drum
camera pans to crowd
camera pans to girls in pink and yellow
green fireworks explode
bird holds holds back its head farthest and pauses momentarily
brown and white dog first gets toy free from smaller dog
bigger dog first runs on screen
looking down at the diver
joe comes into view
cars passing
man in red returns
guy with white shirt walks through the shot.
zoom in on the man's head.
the man violently shakes his phone.
the man picks up the keyboard and walks away with it.
camera zooms in
a man in a white t shirt on the right
woman in blue walks onto the stage
the camera zooms in for the first time.
stick insect's face is shown to camera
he picks something up and fiddle with it
the moment the baby first looks down.
the dog takes the toy.
the cars take off
green towel comes into view
pink cushion comes into view
bird flaps its wings
train comes into view
man in black comes into view with back to camera
boy with tail walks into toy room with back to camera
can fully see baby elephant for the first time
cat jumps off of litterbox
sideview mirror can first be seen
girl in pink exists frame to the right
sideview mirror comes into view
kitty quickly runs around toy
girl turns the page
child picks up a different toy
zoom in on snake head
a woman in a white jacket give the baby a push
yellow lights up top
flag leaves frame
red umbrella comes into view
monkey lets go of moms hand
being held by hand in view
bird flies away
multi-colored item flies up
dragon looks right at camera and extends body to the top of the frame.
a redhead with glasses waves at the camera.
a single blue car make the turn then we pan up to an empty track.
person in black shirt stands up
first time camera slightly zooms back
person with balloons walks in view
performers walk backwards in a line
another train passes
man points at something below
camera zooms in on spider slightly
man in black sweatshirt enters frame
man in blue jersey lifts orange jug to take a drink
a man in a pink shirt turns his head around.
onr boy runned black green chair
baby came into camera view close
big ass fans comes into view
everyone is at the bottom
man in blue shirt
man in red shirt sits down
we can see a wall right next to us.
we're really close to disco ball now.
baby jerks up for the first time.
runners start running
ceiling of ice arena comes into view
their is text on the screen
there is an eel swimming
kids all standing on grass
3 bursts in the air
person in red runs across frame
kitten in carrier first cleans its face
performers move their arms to their left (camera's right)
woman can be seen sitting under marker
guy looks nervously from side to side
guy in the front starts headbanging
looking down on turntable
first copy comes out of the mimeograph machine
man in straight jacket rocks back and forth
camera zooms in
driver is first seen
big red firework
lamp post leaves the frame
flame flickers on
light flashses from the disco ball for the first time
hands smack down onto ground
people's heads come into view
lifts blue crate higher
first looks out at mountain side
a cart on fire races passed the camera.
kid leans on bench
camera flashes right before woman shakes her booty
girl on far left is first seen
the baby is closest in view
we turn to see the gates and building behind it
person picks inside man's ear
adult comes into view
animal is staring directly into camera at start
person exits frame on left
the bird preens itself.
the camera zooms out.
someone is standing in the way of the view of the singer.
a red object is visible in the lower left corner.
sun can be seen at start of frame
pan right to look at tower
runner on right stand back upright from a bent position
no vehicles pass by
boy in red first lift gift into air
before the sun is covered up by clouds
woman with blue dress and white shall goes past on the right
the fan is farthest from the camera.
the person in red exits the scene.
guy waves to the camera and jumps back
guy in front of camera stands up
spotlight goes off
dog stops to scratch
we can see part of a tree.
the flame starts.
an arm is raised and waved to the side.
building at its most complete
a person with a stroller walks past
boy drops towel and walks out of room
ball player in red hat runs to base
the boy looks at the camera for the first time
somebody puts their hand in the babies face
changes from blue to gray
man touches cone to mesh
dog lies down
bigger dog appears
yellow cars with passengers appear
baby opens mouth wide
baby drops to all fours
legs with rubber boots are shown
dog turns to look into camera
the view of the paper is so close the smaller writing is almost clear enough to read
only the boy in the sled before you see anyone else
a long blue stick thing appears and leaves
boy is in the doorway dancing
woman holds up arm high
the people are finished walking through
a man on someone's shoulders
man in white walks through frame
men in green vests come into view
a child on a lap is 1st seen
back of a mans head comes into view
rock falls on a man
readable lone star college tx sign
shows hope on side of banjo
baby is looking directly at camera
the man reaches up and scratches his nose.
we pass a man with an umbrella in front of a red bench.
caterpiller passes the bolts
camera zooms in
woman holds up round object to camera
yellow bottle comes into view
man comes into view
blue light fades and it shows a guy at a piano
camera pans right to show edge of balconey
camera zooms in close to disco ball
baby pops up ' moves hand away form mouth
shaky camera person
guy with red bad on bike goes right
dog jumps
man whips off shirt
a child is being asked a question
water fall is moving to right
a bunch of bicylist go by
cyclist in green jacket rides past camera
blue lights become bright pink
the white car drives through the water and exits.
frame is filled with at least 10 jelly fish.
chicken walks underneath the board
the roller coaster is closest to the top
the train has left the station
piano man first shown
lights first start flashing
baby takes first spoonful.
a girl in a pink skirt turns her back towards us.
we see a hand for the first time.
the green craft shows up at the bottom.
bird scratches face with foot
driver is seen
kitten passes brown furniture leg on the right for the first time
person looks left
guy in white shirt appears
camera zooms in
baby barely sticks his tongue out 3 times.
man in black shirt leaves the frame
move closer to rooster then quick move to the left centering the little birds.
we first see blue-ish green cistern
we first see blinking lights on the right
girl with long reddish brown hair is first seen
here is a red bull sign.
high-five'
a costumed weirdo takes a swig from a bottle.
ground is first seen
the camera zooms out.
a blue mat appears in the background.
the back of a red car is visible.
screen turns blue
pink purse is visible on table
glass of liquid lightly vibrates for first time
outside the wred cage, see a lemur round the corner
baby first looks towards camera
more greenish fireworks
only two lights are visible.
the girl in the pink dress runs in a wide circle.
the train begins to move forward.
camera zooms out
ball drops from dogs mouth
we see a large group of kids
child in gray first appears
woman in back readjust her stance
dogs pause a second before chasing again
kid crawls on white blanket
a bridge appears
a kind in a yellow shirt kicks something on the grass.
the camera zooms into the man in red
a ghost appears for the first time
we see a bicycle
boy in blue looks toward camera and looks away quickly
hand feeds baby
scuba diver first shown
train/trolley leaves view
camera view pans upwards
small bridge/walking path is shown
two girls run backwards
person in black stands up
guy first stops petting
first time kid hits blue
man with yellow sign wearing yellow shirt walks off stage
dark object top left comes into view
close up of green phone
man swings backpack onto back
man takes a step left
dancers all swing their arms above head
zoom in on man sitting in doorway
title fades away
person is closest to the ground
baby stands
we're farthest away from the owl
woman walks into room
the woman kneels down and puts the leash on the dog.
camera briefly zooms in on a guy with a beard.
the children step out of the enclosure.
the cargo slides down and out.
it seems the boat with the yellow is finally gone for good.
the camera pans to the right to see someone pushing a stroller back and forth
a person wearing a red shirt runs past other people
hand first apears
girl in pink pushes girl in blue against refrigerator
plants get brighter
the train slightly starts moving
cat lays down.
a tall object with yellow frills around it is in view.
a little girl showing off and falls.
camera zooms in
person with white shirt arrives from the bottom right
the person holding a camera and walking
person up close with a white collar
dog runs up to the hose the first time
baby grabs tambourine and puts it down
camera turns toward the kid in striped pajamas.
child turns the page.
spinning globe rises the center of the stage.
numbers 906 can be seen
person starts to walk on the deck
hand reaches thru and grabs cat's stomach
the roller coaster cars come into view from left
the cube starts out brightly lit
a red cart passes by
the top of a skyscraper is shown
tail on a kid is first shown
person with blue umbrella gets closer to the camera
tigers stand up on back legs
camera moves left instead of right
person in light blue walks in front of the window
person sprays horses front neck
guy in red shirt walks across view
woman with flannel shirt on bike appears at the bottom of screen
man in glasses first appears between two pink balloons.
the woman helping the boy exits the frame.
the driver touches something above the rear view mirror.
the girl with blue gloves puts them on her face.
we speed past several parked vehicles
person in blue raises hand to mouth
diver comes into view
hands are raised at the start
camera slightly zooms out to show a bit of orange on outfit
a person goes from right screen to left around the main person
little girl stops and turns around
woman with two dogs enters frame on right
man with bright red hat comes into view
another drop of something drops into something in the last frame
the gondola reaches the tower and starts down the other side
you can see mom pushing baby
no more orange street light on street
person backs away from the child so they can swing
woman in white shirt runs in from left
diver comes into view
an object is shown at the bottom left of the screen.
a black object is seen in the bottom right of the frame
crane swings down and all the way up.
camera starts to move to the right.
kids take off running
goalie skates behind the goal
a person is shown talking to baby
the scene brightens
dog hides behind man and shakes
camera goes close up to person in bird costume
baby opens one eye
football player quickly runs by
robot headbangs
hamster walks away
woman shows item to camera for the first time
grabs stuff from both green bowls
water is first shown shooting out
person walks from right to left
guy in front of camera in a bucket hat looks right
people stand up in canoe
cat stops and looks up at the wall
camera view pans down
yellow taxi crosses view
camera zooms in ' turns sideways
there is a reflection in the glass of something moving
we turn to the front door of a building
when the robot first moves
person on bike rides by
man begins to sit down
the object in the water exits the bottom of the screen.
the camera pans left.
a car zooms by in background
weird face thing appears
duck goes back to blue
adult comes into view
baby rolls over
is dark in scean for a time
lady sitting turns head back
guy walks into frame
purple clothes in front of camera
train on left begins to move
camera turns around showing the driver's hair.
clip is completely black
man on stage steps into the light for the first time
someone holds up a phone/camera for first time
figure lowers and raises flag
boy in green leaves the room for the first time
dog goes under table for first time
pans down from sky
reindeer starts singing
guy in black starts swinging his guitar
a girl turns a page while her hand rests on the piano
a baby grabs a stuffed animal off the shelf
lady in the back looks away
camera is blurry
green fence first comes into view
table comes into view
camera moves in on rail and looks down to street
moves from sights to darkness
skier nearly falls over
person gets back up
camera shows guy in orange in a tent
girl points to her right
camera zooms into the ocean
squirrel moves to the ground
view on screen changes from singer to crowd
light blue car is shown
lights first start to bounce
a fox jumps up to the man
birds up close
person comes into view
camera pans around to the left
animal yawns.
the artist's information is in the shot.
the only shot with no mirror in it.
shark swims by on bottom
child first looks up
flag appears on the plane
kid rests box on the wall
baby first turns its head around
the door is opened.
a child puts her head down.
insect flies into view
man starts talking
baby starts crawling to other side of crib
bird flys away
a person is visible on the right
when the train first arrives
the train is at a complete rest as people make their exits.
an individual walks in behind the desk and crouches down.
camra zooms in some
person with ballons strts to come out in center
they first put hands on hips and sway
a stingray swims from right to left.
a motorcycle passes by.
the singer raises her hand.
zoom out from slot car track
kid on right pats their head
camera first pans left to show dirty water fall
football player runs through frame
left foot steps back
camera pans up above head of woman in blue head scarf and back and white neck scarf
lady with dark hair is leaving the drunk dance party
dog first runs towards water
girl turns and goes towards the corner
guy on the right goes towards back of stage
camera pans left
camera zooms in on a fox
pink flower on right is moved out of view
front of second train covers the first train
man touches forklift and walks away
passes first person in black leather jacket
dragon begins to move
woman in greenish yellow top comes into view
brown branch is first seen
screen with blonde disappears from view
baby first begins to rapidly kick legs
a cat makes a leap off of a blue container.
we first see the car's mirror.
person closest to camera first shifts in their seat
man in straw hat raises his arm and pumps his fist
red can be seen on the bottom of screen
rat takes off running
painted angle on road apears
black car driveing by
man in blue scratches his chin
we see a turtle
the lights in the background turn red
rider went fast pass rocks
hand in camera view
one person in camera view
man put hand in pocket for something
white mouse runs by itself on the wheel
a woman giggles at the camera
baby turns right and then lifts arms
people come into view
little girl falls down
a girl is now seen
dark stage, nothing moving
the creature moves from right to left.
a person wearing green on a bicycle is visible.
a person in white is waving in the lower right corner.
the coach drinks from an orange jug.
the camera pans left for the second time.
two squirrels are on the railing.
baby pats its head
camera pans to waterfall
hand tickles the cat
lights start flashing
frame goes from black to lit up
fire cart goes past view
tiny american flag comes into view
water runs off an icicle
hand comes into view
just one fish
only one dog in the frame briefly
second man comes into view
man on right leaves and returns
camera shows lone star college tx
man shows the tin box banjo with the word hope on it
baby smiles the longest n clip
man jumps off train
girl in green stands up behind the guy talking and moves out of view
man in green first appears
the front of the train appears
babies mouth opens really wide
woman enters frame from bottom right
camera zooms up to dogs face
camera zooms into paper of rosetta stone
person in blue jacket runs into view
green tube thing moves out of view
dancing child goes into other room
lady in black shirt chases toddler
rock disappears and you can see the water
blue screen comes into view
adult shakes toy for first time
camera switches to guy with dark brown hair
blue lights get brighter
a group of basketball players put their fists together as a team.
holding horn down not playing
kid crying
bike in veiw
the green bush is gone from view
pans to up in the air
finger creeps into the lower left corner.
lady in white shirt in bottom right
all bow for a moment
doors close
the man in purple points at the other man a few times before the man in purple touches him with his red object.
blue sky turns to a white sky.
the mans face is in the shot.
she spns by the mirror
teacher goes down to floor
hand makes doggy mohawk
the man steers while sitting down.
we see the man in the orange helmet.
the scene is black briefly.
the toy approaches the boy.
someone briefly walks right in front of the camera.
gray car gets passed
man gestures upwards
hand briefly comes into view on right side
woman with beanie/hat looks right
large flash
the view of the sky for a moment
a look down the sidewalk
random arm appears and points up
goes from words to dark
screen behind them gets bigger
video goes from kids to waterfall
the camera zooms out and back in.
green light beam goes away
the person wearing a white shirt moves their hair out the way
the camera zooms in on the window to see whats inside the window
drummer in the middle is first blocked from view
dog first steps into the water
a flash of light is seen in the background
a red pepper.
a woman walks in and takes a seat.
camera passes biker in white
camera moves across floor to a screen
a man in white and blue rocks front to back.
the text 'www.ottos.ch' can be read.
a pedestrian is spotted at a crosswalk.
white van drives past the camera
a whole bunch of jellyfish
player bends down in the middle and hits the ball
closeup of the birds.
you can make out two people running with lights.
the woman in yellow turns and looks at the camera.
dog jumps for the first time
the moment the two clasp hands.
the women in gray sweater fully enters then exits the frames.
a young girl stands, then runs to the edge of the bed to fold a shirt
an infant lies on its back, kicking, while a dog lies at its feet on the floor
lady holding toddlers face comes into view
the screen turns from yellow to a bluish color
an elephant points its tusk at the camera.
cars first appear
lady waving at the camera
person legs come into view
ladies walk away from the camera
big fish appears
person falls
baby smiles really big at the camera
child turns head toward dog
the people are first shown
camera turns sideways
record begins spinning
woman starts to touch mouth
baby isn't looking at camera briefly
man in black shirt disappears from view
big chicken walks toward bush
chandelier is shown
fence can be seen for entire frame
driver comes into view
man in red shirt appaired
person came across (up ) carame view
only the girl on the left is moving.
pans to blue car
guy in yellow ' black coat walks by
camera pans down from sky scraper
boy is farthest from camera
we pass a white car for the first time
girl takes off hat
camera pans from cherry trees to left to red bridge
cat laying on back runs out of view ' only 2 cats left
guyser explodes
tennis player in black first walks off screen
girl starts folding shirt
sleeing dog comes into view
camera pans right to show a lighted doorway
girl in dark shorts sits down ' gets back up
train engineer is seen going past camera
camera man's shadow is seen
person feeds goat
blue roof of structure is visible briefly
the hamster exits the scene.
she bends the object for the first time.
the guy in the red pants first appears.
blue lights disappear from view
lady waves to us
night goggle green
almost out of view
camera pans down
zoom in on toy
the baby look up to right
the boy stopped
drive by 3 green light
guy in red shirt walks up, camera pans left
a man leans in to touch a child lying on a couch
mans hand is in the frame.
bug moves a little then flies away.
mans hand creeps into the left side of frame.
a stick creeps into the shot for the first time and lights up a rock.
camera pans left to quickly show a guy i n blue shirt
camera pans left to show a guy standing
kids exposes arm
man in red jacket looks over left shoulder
man in pink shirt picks something up
small person in shiny costume bends over
the man playing the guitar looks behind him
the front of the train passes the camera
dog is sitting by babys feet
girl behind points to the box that the girl in front is holding
cat jumps up on the bench
man in red headband looks down and to the left for a moment
a person is rubbing the babies arm.
the kid grabs the blue pole.
we are able to see the street.
we cross under the bridge.
man with red shirt and yellow stripe comes into view.
we see the car for the first time
we see a moped's brake light the first time
the first wave is visible
lady in red sashays by
people are seen on the stage the first time
the red object is seen the first time
the monkey is done eating
we are finished passing the street vendors
a man closes his mouth.
a lake is seen next to a green hill.
dog scratches at item
blond woman appears
person waves at camera
shorter woman laughs
translucent creature is shown
smallest amount of yellow is visible
back of head comes into view for first time
finger over lens.
person picks up truck with hand.
a long stick is visible
a person walking on a tree branch.
water goes out of view and it's rocks and a buildling
second car disapears
guy in blue with a black hat leaves to the right
a man walks in front of a plane.
a hand appears.
camera moves away left from guy
kid scratches head
yellow dog breaks up black dogs
we zoom in on the person on stage
the person in black is no longer visible
skater with red helm falls down
a person quickly walks by in a tan hat.
a person swims near the fish.
the cat looks back at the camera.
the baby smiles at the camera.
the object first moves over the house.
a person moves something with their foot.
a small doll with pink hair is zoomed in on.
the man puts his binoculars down.
kids start spinning around
everything turns sideways briefly
snake's head is closest
red haired woman comes into view
hand dumps things onto thing
child takes bite from popsicle
man in black hat comes into view
building comes into view
the person lifts up his pant leg.
a person pulls down their hood.
a man appears
a baby picked up a book
a white boat appears in the picture
crowd make the numbers 1923
the camera is not yet panning through the crowd.
the camera begins to zoom in on the screen people are watching.
the woman picks up a green sheet.
the boy points at the leaves on the ground.
the man is reading something in the snow.
person in red runs over to a white object.
person re-situates their arm, lowering it.
yellow car comes into view.
person first puts both feet on mat
person wearing green hood is shown
baby first puts hand up to mouth
the ferris wheel is visible.
a bright yellow house is shown.
kitty sits up and moves to chase light
guy in blue shorts looks at the camera
a rainbow tie-dye shirt walks past
adult moves their hand to their lap
a yellow suv cab drives past.
we only see small part of the reef below.
the sphere turns blue.
the baby turns to look at his brother.
the hand with the ring on it plays with the baby.
climber starts coming down.
we see a man.
cat jumps onto brown surface.
two people in red approach the smoking mound.
baby drops the blue toy it was holding.
pink dish can no longer be seen and camera pans towards fish.
the man in pink watches a bike rider.
the light goes from red to yellow.
the cat almost falls down.
the baby puts his hand in his mouth.
the camera goes to the fish tank the first time.
screen fills with white.
child runs back to bucket 1st time.
we see half of ladies face.
land or pier is visible on right
person standing next to bike on the ground
camera pans up tree the to the left
car passes two cars
bicycle comes into view
animal starts to wiggle for first time
people come into view
clip completes the circle. comes back to start
first time lady shifts foreward
black sheep runs to the left
zoom in to see mountains.
a bright yellow figure is seen on the right of the clip passing by in the distance.
the engineer's cabin can be seen entering the shot and the number 05 us printed in fancy lettering on the back of the car. in this clip, only the first car of the train (where the engineer sits) is visible.
a bridge can be seen over the body of water.
a hand is seen placing something down.
the shadow disappears.
the girls wearing pink life vests pass by
the turtle goes into his hole
a person at a concert waving their arm.
a dog in the sand
little girl looks at camera
the back of someones head is shown.
the camera goes back down on the plant.
man takes his hands off of his face.
small bridge first comes into view.
big green light appears on screen for first time.
person's shadow can no longer be seen for first time.
day becomes night.
large dark rock face is seen on the left for first time.
blue text appears on the screen briefly.
bugs shown flying around plant for first time.
the foot steps in the sand disappear.
a man in red waves to the camera.
an opening in the sky appears.
the car drives by two cars.
cat plays with toy for first time.
camera pans over to show wooden table.
boy slides down the green slide.
shows 2 ships at sea.
the fish swims away
the yellow lights first exit view
lights appear on the streets
a bird is about to fly away
a fish turns towards the camera
man touches dog's harness.
kid stretches arms in air.
the girl smiles at the camera.
the leash is shaken by someone.
heaviest smoke in this frame
camera begins to zoom
little boy in the dark blue shirt hoists friend up while playing on the jungle gym.
silver car turns right after a snow plow passes.
guy joins the other 2 dancers
camera zooms in to tv screen
smoke first appears
blue chair first appears
camera zooms in on lady in blue
cat sniffs the camera
a person is holding a sign on the street.
woman in a hat puts her hand on a green object near the door.
someone turns the lights on.
black balloon
man first hangs his head down
man in green/yellow hat comes into view
bast of washington monumentcomes into view
man bends into frame
camera zooms in to tower
a man in a green shirt bounces a ball onto a building.
long haired person on guitar.
we see the buildings on the right.
man in beige on left spins.
reddish blip on the left
first entering tunnel
slight lightning flash
the sun is out of view for a moment
we look at the menu for a second
the lights are turned on
the girl pulls out her present.
a green plant is first seen.
the screen fades in from black to show a guitar player.
star thing appears
when a spectator runs around a corner.
the first time you can see the waterfall.
where the dog descends out of view behind something the first time.
ball changes color from golden to blue
second kid is shown in clip
can see someones hand playing with babys hand
can see a red bowl for first time
guy in number 3 shirt takes a drag on his cig
dog turns to run after a stick
time square's tall building
time goes back to 8'00
person with umbrella walks pass camera
the blue bottle of soap appears.
man in hat smiles.
a woman wearing black is pouring coffe in a cup
people appear in the camera
a player puts his hat on
the camera shows us more of the kids on the right.
the kid on the couch crosses their legs
the deer jumps over the fence
person in glasses smiles and looks at the person behind them for first time.
animal pushes away from wall and swims away for first time.
person in pink shirt stands up and sits back down.
people first seen flapping their skirts up in the air back and forth.
man standing outside on the deck appears for the first time.
child speaking moves his hand up to his head.
first time standing dog raises it's head up.
woman's foot and sandal comes into view for first time.
raft lifts up towards the air for first time.
a yellow and green building is passed.
the woman's hands are visible for the first time.
the cat jumps up from lying down.
the camera centers on the first waterfall
camera pans left to show house behind boat
can see someone point at screen
darkest frame
the camera moves to the cars.
shorter woman talks then immediately laughs
boy swings by for the first time
the woman begins to move.
the man smiling appears.
the speaker turns to the man in the cap 1st time.
baby realizes the camera is there and smiles.
a person stands near a car.
person swings off platform
dog is taken off leash
room light dims and toy light get bright
camera pans from building to the times square lighted billboard
baby pulls towel off their head
the first time the cat reaches for the phone.
the scene shows mostly grey rocks.
the girl rests her arm on the table.
the car finishes the curve.
camera moves to people on stairs
lights spin in circle.
shark fish swims down
guy in blue first appears
man in green shirt lifts his hands up to look through something.
woman talking first puts her hand on dogs face.
first time people seen waving things in the air.
two circle magnets appear
we can see the front of the car
rider looks up
floating lantern comes into view for the first time.
a large fish is first seen sitting on the leaves.
the man almost spits up his drink.
the fish leaves the screen then the camera pans left.
the person catches the ball and punts it away.
person with long hair turns and walks away.
camera shuffles a bit
person with long black hair turns their head around.
train enters frame for the first time.
throws backpack on
the camera zooms onto the stage.
the girl reaches the end of the fence.
looks like a fish hit the water surface
we finally see the entire guitarist
camera moves down to the ground
camera moves to another elephant
a person laughing at a speech.
a cat running from a person.
a man showing signs to a crowd.
kids playing in sand disappear from view
man stands up and puts his hands on his hips
red lights on the left disappear from view
we look away from the chair
people are first visible
cars are seen for the first time
camera zooms in on construction guys
a bicycle goes by behind the squirrel.
zoom in to see cat's eyes.
cows are the farthest from the camera.
wipers swipe for the first time.
woman in purple clothing first joins group.
yellow tablecloth is first seen
robot holds arms out straight to the sides
man with mic points at his chest repeatedly
the machine picks up dirt the first time
we are now looking at the tree
the man sits down
the moon is at it's largest.
the man picks up his fork.
the flowers shift to people
zooms in on the blue flag
zooms in on dogs
the boy walks in the doorway.
a lady is talking
barely see dogs anymore
guy in white shirt appears
statue is first shown
yellow and red umbrella is shown
water is first seen flowing over a waterfall.
back of a mans head in a pink shirt moves off the bottom of the screen.
the dirt square the grass is growing out of can no longer be seen for the first time.
a hand is seen quickly in lower right corner.
a small creature shows up.
mean leans on top of chair.
camera spans to show ocean.
when there is a person walking by the first time.
camera zooms in on baby for the first time.
camera rotates sideways for the first time.
man is pointing to the left.
we can see a red dress in a window.
the baby is now sitting down
bikes zoom by fast.
woman with white jacket has purse.
man takes cigarette out of mouth.
the kitten lays down on the table to rest after playing.
a man with dark brown hair and a scruffy beard appears to be using a 'knife hand' motion to emphasize his point while talking. he appears to be very passionate about what he's saying'
the skiers first come into view
man is closest
tray is shown
farthest right is shown
an airplane passes in front of the sun.
a boy in an orange shirt is seen riding on the merry go round.
camera view zooms in really fast.
lady in red puts her arm up in the air
cat climbs up bookshelf
girl in the middle stands up
camera shows beautiful flowers by water.
the woman hits the bell.
the hand on left stops and rests.
the train is completely past us.
we can see the dancing dragon.
camera zooms in on moving object.
first time brown horse rounds the group of cones.
person's hand comes into frame for first time.
the two cats begin to fight.
the man reaches down for something.
picture of women is visible the first time
lady rides by on bike
white boat comes into view
the side of the building is first visible
text on screen appears the first time
person stands up.
baby looks at camera the yells.
man in black and white coat passes person in black coat.
the spider car starts to move.
the vessel goes off the screen.
the baby first touches the table.
the colors on stage go from green to blue.
the kitty swats at the toy.
a person with a black shirt stands up.
bird did not land in these 2 clips
police horses are seen
yellow truck passes by camera
baby turns the toy sideways
a baby crawls and then turns and sit down
the fish swims left off the screen.
one bird grabs the bag.
the canape is the least visible.
the clown picture is quickly shown a second time.
people walk in line down the beach.
a man standing in the foreground walks off camera.
a beetle goes into a little cave and another bug walks near him.
a man in a red shirt starts to walk in front of the group then turns around and walks off camera.
blue bus exits view
man pours magnets out
child laughs while eating
the babies face is front and center at the end of the frame.
the train goes through a station.
a man with long hair stands up.
the little girl hits the pinata the first time
kid in yellow shirt is visible the first time
the man doing a weird pose is visible the first time
man on far right appears.
man in red stands.
the man holds up the object and talks.
the blue sky can be seen for the first time.
the camera moves right away from the birds.
man in blue approaches two women dancing.
camera zooms in on computer screen for the first time.
colorful lights fade to solid blue lights.
camera zooms in on baby
lights in background turn to red
a lady in blck walks with a child in yellow jacket
camera flips around
the camera shows the man driving.
the camera does a close up of the baby eating.
we move to get a better picture
dogs follow each other.
man in tan coat walks by.
man in pink passes man in red
red to white
camera zooms in on white chicken
boy grabs the camera
dog sit ups
first trapeze artist goes down
kids in blue sits up
the camera moves right to show the guitar player.
the camera turns to the right to a guy.
first woman takes off running
white car is visible
kitty first spins around
dolphin goes backwards in water
very close up of message board
steam coming out of clock
the person leaves the stage.
the baby begins to laugh.
a woman in red holding up her arm can be seen.
the ride begins.
the window is shown.
two birds fly away back to back
pattern on tree first changes
rings are first seen
the man walks by the camera.
the steps to the house are first shown.
a hand is holding up two fingers.
girl in dress walks up to whiteboard
person in straw hat is first seen
baby looks straight ahead
player i pink shorts runs right and ball goes out of bounds
boat comes in from left very closly
little boy stops playing and looks at camera and smiles
girl in yellow shirt looks down.
a man's face is visible.
the man in the striped shirt is not visible.
an insect runs down into the hole.
a tiger grabs a chicken.
the calf flicks its tail.
the golden arches blink over the crowd.
a hand quickly flies on the screen.
the car enters the tunnel.
the red car on the left train passes us.
someone runs past the fire.
woman going down ladder puts hand on head.
zoom in of mona lisa.
we can see the school bus
people on lower level of stands are walking.
the woman wearing a sleeveless shirt plays with hair.
the person points at meat with finger.
the camera begins zooming in on a boat.
we see the elephant on the right.
the person is typing the least amount.
the dog first goest to the bush.
a person appears in the doorway.
the screen is a blue color.
guy in white and green shirt appears
guy in black appears on the ice from the left
women who was wheeled in is turned around
robot kicks ball into net
bird turns from facing back to facing front
guy brings hand to face (coughs)
person in blue shirt comes back into view.
people bow and touch their heads on the floor.
person pops out of the water and starts moving.
woman in blue coat is visible
shot shows a person wearing blue standing facing a wall. the camera then zooms in to focus on the person head.
two people in white shirts are sitting very close to each other, they shoulders are touching. then at the end fo the clip they separate allowing us to see the people in the distance at their desks again.
young child climbs up onto rock and scoots herself forward on her knees three times.
camera zooms all the way in - no left or right movement
rider in blue passes the rider in red
camera pans left from umbrella
red car passes
starts to video screen with phone
truck is now out of view
he shakes his head
woman comes into view
camera begins to pan right
man in blue shorts and white shirt walks through
girl in dress bounces once
man moves his right hand off the drum slightly
train first passes
they stop shaking the scarves
a little boy wearing a stripe shirt leaves the camera
camera pans to the right and a man appears
baby smiles and turn left then turns back to the camera
screen turns blue
the singer sways her left arm.
the people wearing blue walk behind those in white.
the woman shows the other person her phone.
the man pulls on the rope.
man runs over from the left
a group of people raising a flag.
scuba diver with stingrays and fish
black cat joins orange and white cat
hands go behind babies head and he smiles
can see a silloute of a man walking towards the right out of camera
girl in red/pink jacket sits up
car with headlights on is first seen
boy in red shirt briefly not visible
sitting adult in blue shirt points
guy points his hand in the air
we get a better view of what the kids are doing
the man looks into the camera closely
a woman is standing in front of a bus.
the man points to the crowd.
water sprays on shoulders.
shows lion on screen.
the large dinosaur first comes into view
the lights flashing in the distance first come into view
the people extend their hands the first time
man in red hat is visible the first time
the baby pats the couch the first time
we watch someone cross the street
the man is petting the parrot.
the first train passes.
the screen changes from a house to trees.
lady folds dumpling
train takes off
persons draws finger along green box on the bag
man is eating.
we see the lady in blue.
the ducks go out of view.
the object moves out of view
the dancers jump up
the sky lanterns are no longer visible
the camera goes from the ground to a woman.
the house in the flood is zoomed out on.
a second dog can be seen on the ground.
people walking in front of marina.
we no longer see the waterfall.
lady in black gestures with her fingers.
closeup of baby's face
we pass the other trolley
i can barely see water in view
man pulls on tree branch
we pass a black gate
boy in gray stands up
camera zooms in on square guys
baby takes towel off head
child looks down and to his right.
they pass the blue buildings.
the beach is first visible.
a man in blue runs into the scene.
the man 2nd from left front drops his head.
lady in blue first shown
light first shown
woman walks down runway towards front of stage.
man touches mouth
man in yellow hat appears
adult hands first grab feet
first image change on screen
waterfall is no longer visible
boy looks into camera
baby falls asleep
man in red walks by
a water fountain is being filmed up close so that you can only see the water and you're unable to see where the water is actually coming from. also, there is a rainbow present in the shot'
a man in blue jeans and a gray hoodie wearing a backpack comes up the give the guitar player a tip in his guitar case.
the baby opens his mouth
the hand begins turning the object
a camera flashes
the young girl in braids is typing on the keyboard
the dog gets up off the snow
girl is dancing while girl in blue tshirt watchs
cat rolls on back
lady in green walks out of view
bird flies up into the tree
blue/green spot light flicker on ' off
close up of girl with brown hair.
the dog digs at the ice.
a blonde in a black coat walks across the room.
there's a blonde at the table.
diver closes mouth.
we see a creek below.
trees are going by fast.
a fifth cat enters from bottom of frame
the person in the backseat is looking out the window.
the screen is dark then brightens.
a person appears appears in the dark
guy in brown shirt juggles oranges
person throws stick and dog goes after it
the camera shakes to the right.
horn players are shown only
something jumps in the water
camera pans up to singer
the person looks forward and then down.
the girl opens her mouth for the dentist to check her teeth.
the camera goes from the drummer to the singer.
the girl bounces up from the floor.
the girl is not shown.
the car goes by a person's feet.
someone walks by in the corner of the screen.
man and children hop in circle and hop.
zoom in to see large bush.
kids in red and green shows from the door
we see a blue fence.
two people are standing on the beach.
man pokes the snake on left.
dumptruck dumps sand in truck
tree first appears
guy with pink arm goes behind another person
camera moves away from the crowd of people for first time.
camera begins to zoom in on the performance.
dog looks right and then left for the first time.
sun begins to turn an orange color behind the clouds.
camera zooms out from guy playing the guitar
the word google is first formed
lady with pink backpack appears
dolphin moves backwards across the water.
people rotate a large board around to be shown.
clock blows out steam.
no hands shown
train starts going
grab bag bottom
first light pole is passed
man standing up disappears from view
train engine comes into view
we pass a red car
the computer turns off
person first seeing using drumsticks to drum.
camera pans across the water and back to the bridge.
man in blue shirt and black jacket spins around in a circle.
coach/ref on left side screen holds arms out
someone pets the cat for the first time
someone is holding up a green sign
camera zooms in to water in front of red building
girls switch spots
camera moves from ground to tree
toddler puts hands together.
baby puts hand in container.
girl in the middle moves closer to man on the right.
woman comes into view with finger pointing up
monkey jumps away from the fruit it was eating.
woman comes into view with hands on her hips.
the road is now going left
the squirrel sticks his head in the pocket
a white van comes into the picture.
a yellow cab drives by the camera.
a person walks up the water.
a flashbulb goes off in the church.
little girl is finished opening present
we come to a complete stop at the bottom floor
camera gets blurry
kid in glasses sticks his tongue out
otter swims to other side of bank and spins in circle
person in red shirt stands up
drummers are first seen
the yellow lights shine brightest
the couple hugs
multiple computers on table on the right are first seen.
person's shadow can be seen blocking screen on the left for first time.
golden sphere comes into view for first time.
kid in red is slapping legs with hands
zooms in on kitty
three cars go around a turn.
the camera shakes then goes close up on something.
the man in the middle grabs the pole to turn the corner.
the guy in grey does a happy dance.
the two toddlers in orange wade into the creek.
the baby touches the animal
we pass a tree for the first time
man runs into a branch.
boy in red first drops to the floor.
guitar on left walks to the right.
man in gray is walking.
blue tab on screen.
the back screen goes blue to red.
the dog jumps at the camera.
orange backpack comes into view.
rows of empty desks.
words disappear
all actors have left the stage
man in plaid shirt comes into view
fade from black
pink toy is first seen
man in light blue shirt disappears from view
green toy exits frame
camera pans from walkers to hills
lady lays tortilla on stove.
view from above first seen
person touches belly
mannequin explodes
bright red round fireworks
man in gray hat with red ears passes camera
someone walks back and forth in view of cam
women in white enter view and exits quickly
a woman in white bends over while sitting.
a flash bulb goes off.
the hand grabs the object.
moon is biggest
man takes a bite
hummingbirds are first seen
red tent goes away
can see the singer on the big screen
camera pans right showing a blonde and keeps going past
a group of people go up the stairs behind the group singing
bald person running into view
girls walking on side of rink
hand petting the kitty
camera zooms in on guy in the gray shirt
dogs ears disappear from view
bushy grass is first visible
off bridge with rail is first visible
person falls on floor
person first walks by
three people up close in water.
the kid on the left takes a bite.
the baby takes a drink and holds the bottle up.
the man wags his finger.
the trees are seen but then we see the green ground.
the person smiles at the guy holding his nose.
guitar on right runs to the right
the tv is shown.
man takes his hand off his chin and points.
baby looks directly at the camera for first time.
a guy is talking
the writing is removed from the screen.
the lights are flashing purple and green.
springsteen's hand is not visible.
the whole piano bench is visible.
camera zooms in to singer
person turns right to stairs
kid scratches head.
starts with just a few ppl
they all put their foot forward
a person gets into a vehicle.
the camera moves from the hanging object.
the surfers on the board leave the screen.
the baby runs to the table.
zoom in to singer on stage.
zoom in to view back of boy's head.
man smiles.
two cop cars pull up
person turns on star
little elephant walks off to the right
camera pans out driver window
camera walks in front of and past a row of guards
snow track cures to the left
squirrel sticks head in pocket
baby throws head back laughing
view changes to from above
the dummy is whole for a moment
plant comes into focus after being blurry.
camera pans away from chairs and towards front of classroom for first time.
large black truck enters frame from the left.
bubbles are first blown
presenter walks to the right
the women begin to dance.
the person points at the screen.
the screen behind the man shoes a figure standing.
the girl looks at the camera.
person in white shirt is clapping hands on stage.
people are ice skating towards the camera
a man picks a purple bag
toddler looks straight at camera
guy looks at screen
there is at least one foot on the bare floor.
the camera does not pan left or right.
the boy leans forward.
person nods then first starts to shake head
lays dough on griddle
her skirt is fanned out.
we see trees then a yellow house.
the train appears
person in white leans forward
too dark' barely see performer
person picks up something off bed
we zoom in on the attraction
the man is first visible
the guy raises the rock above his head
the house first comes into view
shows lifeguard chair on beach.
someone pokes the baby's nose.
the women stops sewing for a moment
hand comes into view
drivers side mirror comes into view
yellow shirted syclist comes into view
man in white shirt comes into view
mural on ceiling can fully be seen
top of tower first seen
guitarist steps away from mic
a group of people in the back of a vehicle drive down a street and pass a white jeep.
a band member dances on stage and does the leg hand criss-cross dance move.
baby's face comes closer
tiles first turn green
man in glasses is first seen
person stands up and casts a silhouette for first time.
person in pink coat disappears from scene.
zoom in on stage
device is turned on its right side
we look at the guy's bike for the first time
2 lights going in a 8 pattern
kid in blue appears
guy is throwing babys hand around like crazy
no light is visible then returns to visible light
first time single animal is seen moving in opposite direction of the herd.
black dog sniffs white dog for first time.
camera moves closer to the burning fire.
train comes into frame for first time.
woman runs her hand through her hair
meat nearly fills frame
boat is farthest from camera
person appears on the ground
man in white shirt next the red shirt guy leans forward for the first time
man puts his left hand down
man in red shirt passes camera
someone walks past the camera
the baby opens his mouth the first time
the lady with red sweater and white scarf passes by
go through the cross walk and then a car passes
closeup of the gingerbread man
the singer starts clapping
people turn left, camera pans right
camera pans around to show guy singing
lady puts hands in lap
cat goes right then lays down ' rolls
you can see the whole word virgin
yellow basket disapears
yellow thing goes behind the pole
we can make out what is on the screen.
the man is shuffling things around on the paper.
green coat walks away.
camera first begins to shake
trashcan becomes visible bottom left
we first see the driver of the car.
an adult's face enters the frame.
the camera person is walking.
man points to something
most of christmas tree is shown
the boat is carrying something that flies into the air.
the baby drops her head.
the camera starts right side up.
the baby hugs the woman.
a white van drives by.
a man is talking to the camera.
person throws their hand on in the air for first time.
person in plum shirt first turns towards camera.
the curved lights come on the first time
the hummingbird moves its head the first time
the barge is visible the first time
we now zoom out
we cross the intersection
stage is seen red
dog jumps up.
foot attempts to kick toy.
we see the dark city street.
shed appears.
person giving the peace sign puts their hand down.
woman in pink shirt first comes into view.
the waterfall hits the water and rocks below
the man bends his head down to look at the baby for the first time.
man turns to his left the first time
the man with a dark red shirt stands up
guy in black crosses from left to right
gerbil climbs on top of the cage
rear view of plane
person in front
a man appears in the camera
performer walks to the right for the first time
person is first seen walking up
skaters first pass the pole
we see the smiling man.
the diver is most visible
closeup of bee hive
the swirly screen is now bright pink for the first time
a large group of animals moves in from the right
we zoom in on the fire
the green trolley comes into view
the wedding mobile is first visible
the animal begins running
someone walks in front of the camera
camera zooms out from tree.
kid lays bike on side
guy in light pink looks at the camera
man starts dancing
deer looks away and starts walking
man walks away from explosion.
camera zooms in to guy with hat, then pans back out
person is shaking the baby's hand
the camera looks at nothing for a moment
the ducks put their heads underwater the first time
bird drags tan thing.
we can see the person in red cape.
the poster returns to the view.
conductor raises hand.
woman waves at camera.
zoom in to view band on stage.
people are close up whole shot.
camera sideways 1st time
a man runs quickly from the firecrackers.
child begins laughing.
the little boy takes a bite of food with the fork.
the player in the gray hockey jersey shoots the puck at the goal
the little boy tries to play with the puzzle.
the house in the distance comes into view
the reddish object at the top is visible the first time
the person in front of the screen leans forward.
the girl first opens her mouth.
the camera starts to pan the room.
the drummer is first shown.
man in blue shirt walks in front of camera
man in plaid is seen again.
second dog is visible the first time
person moves left out of door frame.
man's head is shown in video.
the person in the dress walks toward the crowd.
the cars can first be seen.
the girl reaches the ground.
they begin playing music
the person on stage walks into the crowd and starts doing push ups
person has bee on hand
the man closest to the camera moves out of view
the beetle starts moving the clump of dirt
a person with a hat and sunglasses closest to the camera comes into view for the first time
person holding camera phone is first visible
man begins holding something in air
lady point forward
white cats falls from top to second row
girl in white sweater stands up
fish swims up from resting
man in ponytail is walking behind subject.
we see a cat.
we see a man holding signs.
camera shifts right and you see a little kid in yellow
animals faces forward
boy with dark hair starts to get up.
camera zooms in to show door.
four people sitting at table.
scooter is lieing on its side
cone right in front of vehicle
camera zooms out
man in white shirt helps boy
snow plow passes camera
baby places both hands on side of tub
the crowd comes into view.
a hand is on the rock
a car on the left drives towards the light.
the lights on the crowd go out.
the tv comes into view.
zoom in to person with back pack on.
guy gets up on wakeboard
a hand touches the babies arm.
a babe riding a bike grabs a blue object.
the street can now be seen.
man in olive green stands with arms down.
conductor raises arms.
performer does push ups
person squats down
cat stretches it's paw out for first time.
rocks on right slowly leave camera frame.
girl sits up and forward.
car begins to make a turn for first time.
white car comes into view
woman with white shirt comes into view
person walks directly in front of camera
weeds come into view
water flowing like a waterfall
person rolls to the floor
a guy runs by
scoreboard is first shown
zooms and head turns right to left
bicycle goes by
looks up wall
the guy with long hair is first seen.
the man touches his face.
the old man gets on the bridge.
two people in pink jackets cross each other.
the woman pets the bird's head.
a green, white, and red flag is fully visible.
the camera goes all the way in on the guitar player.
the first black car goes by.
we see the water not the fountain itself.
man in gray puts money in case.
cat stops and looks up.
the woman in the green coat speaks.
the guy with red hair is first visible
the light first stays white
we see the flag for the first time
baby walks away from tv
two people are at a table.
the first person walks down the trail.
the gate is not visible.
the man's face isn't visible.
animal moves toy behind column
woman in blue trousers exits frame to left
leafless tree comes into view
blue stage lights begin to blink
cows look towards side
person on the right steps in front of camera.
land on the left comes into view
someone touches baby's nose
the camera pans to the narrow end of the room with the cross in the middle
the cat jumps vertically at the sliding glass door
man in blue leads the bikers.
man with red stripe on jacket in crowd.
person with blue scarf on.
person's hair blows in wind.
woman runs towards stairs.
head with red handkerchief first comes into view
man is raised up holding bouquet
we can see two dogs now
a cardinal swoops down for the first time to pick up a peanut.
a group of men in white hats pass by.
a yellow snowplow approaches and passes a silver car.
guy uncrosses leg, puts on hat ' crosses legs back
shows peak of mountain all the way on right
black guy in white shirt walks in front of camera
girl in red sits up
the boy in green runs past the television.
a woman walks past the kids.
a yellow shirt is seen.
a person is riding a bike in the opposite direction.
girl in red jumpsuit disappears from view
speaker disappears from view briefly
camera zooms in to person on stage
person in dress ' blue gloves fans their face.
stop at intersection
person in orange top comes into view
toddler walks to side of swing
lady in green shirt walks past tree.
kids bounce up and down.
camera spans to show person at top of stairs.
we zoom in on some rocks
a man with a red shirt on stage goes off camera to the right.
a man with yellow shorts stands up.
a man's face is seen on a large screen.
someone picks up some balls and begins juggling.
a man and a little boy pass by.
top of waterfall first disappears
presenter turns around, switching hands
boy drops a thing
cat stands
title appears
a fast move sail boat comes into the view
person with long curly hair pops into frame for first time.
camera zooms in on lizard.
lights stop blinking and turn solid light.
flag is seen in top corner for the first time.
fan holds sign high above their head.
dog walks to its side to investigate floor.
time passes 8'00
couple walk past camera, woman in black man in tan
racers race past camera
two big hands appear
camera zooms to the left of the waterfall
the camera moves in on the robot.
the parrot turns around.
orange backpack first shown
camera moves to the sky
the red rooster is alone.
child reaches for the camera.
we can see the gray hair of an old man
child in blue winter coat falls onto snow pile.
train cars pass alongside the camera.
man puts up arms in celebratory fashion.
woman in white shirt appears
you can see the white sail on the right
baby looks down at table.
guitarist jerking the neck of the guitar up.
man in suit walks to left with hand waving motion.
the woman spins around with the towel.
the man in the brown jacket joins the line.
the man in blue stoops over.
bird flies off limb.
american flag goes out of view.
critter turns and starts walking awy
guy in black shirt walks in front of view
camera pans right a bit
boy kicks ball to man ' he kick it back
plane starts moving
girl in front left hand corner turns
lady picks plants by big leaf
maze garden is shown
baby laughs
baby moves hand from side of head to chest.
someone appears briefly at far left of frame.
baby looks at the camera in this clip
the monitor being filmed shows a split screen in these 2 clips
person playing guitar steps forward and jerks the guitar upward twice and then steps backward in these clips
person in the crowd has their hands clasped together in these 2 clips
the camera moves over two beds.
man is rubbing the dog's belly.
we pass a black mini bus.
a man going in to a backseat of a car
a group of people walking to a hill
the man walks into field.
the machine is started.
a man in a white hooded coat walks by
cat makes a full circle
first train drives by
person pokes sleeping baby
an obama poster can be seen
two people chug drinks on stationary bikes.
we pass a lady in a pink tank top.
bert hits the drum with the stick.
the player is holding a banner.
the sea creature first opens it's mouth.
the people throw something in the air.
we can now see 2nd woman's face.
woman starts pouring liquid into pipe.
water rushing out of downspout.
purple lights move out of camera view
camera zooms in
animal opens and closes mouth for the first time
camera zooms in
little girl reaches up and touches something else
robot first starts moving
closeup of man's face
we can see large power lines now
the animals start ramming each other in the head
camera zooms in then out on baby's face
camera pans to the right and zooms in
a woman with 2 small children walk by
a man looks at the grass and then upward towards the sign.
a man scrolls up and down the screen.
feet of the person in green is shown
water is first shown
a man sings into a microphone.
a man and a woman pose for a photo.
a man rolls a machine.
person walks off to the left.
sign being held by man in a hat is first visible.
blue sky first becomes visible.
bowl with white food in it appears then disappears.
man in gray shirt sets down bag
the second pitch.
bright sun and rays.
red coat is being put on.
girl hides head behind the book
left hand reaches for something for first time
man comes into view
we can see a very large orange building.
a cat quickly turns his head.
kid puts the hat on
figures on the screen stop rotating
girl start drawing
bird first bobs its head
dog first bites hose
while leaning on a large dog a toddler slips and falls down
adding ingredient to sauce in a pot on the stove
the lights are white for the first time
the bird takes his first bite of food.
the orange lights flash a few times.
the woman in red records the procession.
we see three people.
we are now looking at the man touches his chin
a child dancing is seen for the first time
girl approaches the right side
the hand pets the bigger dog.
man appears near camera then disappears.
looks down at train tracks.
object on pole moves from center to right of frame.
animals begin to move with horns locked.
starts with small zoomout
legs are first seen
the man picks up pink ball.
we see a flash of a yellow fish.
we are shown the water spraying.
garbage can lid begins to lift up
a hand appears over the toy.
the inflated man moves to the right.
a hand appears in the aisle.
child puts arms down.
guitar player on left bends over to pick something up.
man sways to right then back to center.
cat reaches the top and looks out.
see drum stick hit drum for the first time
see water come out mail box for first time
see big building in back ground
guy in middle moves to the right
yellow string lights are shown
a hand is shown petting the cat
guy in green leans forward then goes back
the woman drinking soda walks past.
the man in blue has his arm around his son's shoulders.
the man puts the paper on the press.
man in orange vest comes into view
dad bends down to pick something up
camera zooms from building to water
zooms in on the robotic things on the ground
girl covers her face with the book
camera zooms in on some words
guy in white appears on the screen
something runs across person foot for first time
someone walks infront of camera
chicken runs under the board
person in red shirt skates out of camera view
little girl taps the screen first time
boy in red walks into view
camera zooms in on musicians
camera zooms into the screen on the floor
animal turns it head so we can see the back of it
two big rectangle pictures first appear
light gets brighter on stage
man in white hat first appears
first camera flashes
cat first comes into view
guitarist on left raises guitar neck up
bird shakes left wing for first time
child moves to bass drum
the person walks up on stage
baby falls off the dog
we can now see sliced tomatoes
wind moves the leafs.
an adult grabs the hand of a child.
a young girl takes a bow.
camera moves to second kid
guy in red raises his arms
pointy 'sail'' disappears from view
person in red is first visible
baby sits back suddenly and puts hand up near head
the man is holding out right arm and speaking.
the man puts the girl on the ground.
the camera flips to the back of the car.
camera zooms out from tv
big 'x' is shown
judges slap their hands on the table
girls flip their heads over for the first time
train engine passes out of view
blue and green polka dots appear for the first time on building to the left
person in blue shirt comes into partial view on right of frame
the lid is removed
camera pans from something blck in the water.
persons left hand is closet to camera
we zoom in on stage and the lights get brighter
we see a light blue hot spring as we pan to the right
the man in white points forward and looks to his right
the lady looks like she fell off the bull
red on the right is first visible
we see the projector screen again.
moment when the cat closes his eyes first time.
camera goes from redish to dark
the train is farthest away
dog is closest to camera
blond girl's head first comes into view
person extends right arm toward podium for first time
a grey car passes by the drummers
the cat starts scratching the air
we look back up at the top of the waterfall
the octopus disappears for a moment
dog looks up, man turns head.
man in blue runs first time.
plane starts to turn
girls turn while dancing
firs time you see three jelly fish
camera pans back to the right
the man on the left puts something in his pocket.
the cameraman pushes the baby the first time.
spider goes into the hole
pink shirt appears in corner
a cassette player beeps.
a man takes a picture of a gathering.
girl picks up the folded towel.
dog almost looks at camera
white rectangles in buildings move inwards, out of view
the screens all go black.
the whole screen goes white.
lady holding baby switches arms
man swings for the second time
camera starts to pan right
old shoe with foil dildo appears
camera shifts to the right
man's face is shown for the first time
two fish swim towards camera
cityscape is first seen
man walks across field.
traffic pulses by.
cat sniffs bicycle.
dead brown leaves can be seen hanging up close
man throws dog in water
an adult straightens the bowls.
bright flames appear on stage.
we can see the ladies face.
camera pans right to show road
camera shows lower deck then pans up toshow a guy on top deck
person removes microphone from stand
woman in white walks through frame
doors close
people come out of the center of the stage
switches from map to water and birds
camera zooms in on building
view of a laptop.
a little boy hops off the end of the slide
woody's background turns blue
first wave recedes
kid in red shirt comes into view
the dog starts to eat.
buildings can be seen in the background
a large building complex can be seen across the lake
a woman removes the dog's leash
a third guy appears
and airplane apears
goalie catches the ball
the red hat is visible for the first time
we zoom in on the machinery
see two people into frame from right side
camera zooms in on fire
person on right moves hand away from face
first hot air balloon is seen
first bubbles come into view
we stop seeing water
moon goes out of view then camera moves to follow
a man holding a yellow sign slowly lifts it up.
a man tosses a dog toy.
people pass each other on a trail.
little boy kicks the ball to his mother.
man sits on motorcycle and turns handle.
we can see the brown water in the pit.
we can see the man in the blue jacket.
the balloon is rolling to the right.
the child walks up to the camera.
man uses hands to pick up a book
multicolored rings around the rim of babies rocker can be seen in the upper right corner
person in the backgrounds walks from right to left and almost exits the frame
purple bed is first shown
camera is almost completely dark
reporter changes to man.
we see the large x
man on screen waves hand.
the people stop and march in place.
the man on the right smiles at the camera.
we are able to see the bridge like structure.
kid goes towards the camera
little girl on guys shoulders first appears
a girl shows her medal.
a man sitting down brushes his hair with his hand.
light changes from blue to purple
baby tuns body to face the camera
we see the men up close
dog squats in this frame
dog is nearest camera
windows open
bright light blocks dog's head briefly
person walks from right to left.
top of roof below first becomes visible.
cat gets up from laying down.
zoom in on machine
llooking down and down at road for first time
looking out the right hand window
a person stands from the boat.
someone is holding on to the ladder.
the boat is no longer visible.
baby turns his head to the left for the first time.
horse first appears
they set table down on other end
ant runs in first circle
the finger pokes at the starfish.
the swimming animal swims closer to the green pole.
the moment the camera zooms in on the sign.
dog barks for first time
dad talks for first time
person in black shirt disappears from the clip
camera zooms out and then in on girl
the frame starts dark.
the bottom row is being looked at.
a red car is leaving the scene.
it gets lighter outside.
camera starts to pan right
building appears on the right side
camera zooms in on the girl on the ride
train pulls out of station.
man with red hoodie walks by.
the child runs away from the people.
the camera zooms out on the drummer.
we zoom in to the people on the bridge
a camera flash is seen for the first time
man starts to play guitar.
more puppies join a group.
pan to trees for the first time
we first see man's chest then his smiling face
looks like fire starts.
camera moves closer to kids
person starts to climb up stairs
the man sitting raises his hands the first time
the children start dancing
zoom in on woman cutting the food
lights on the stage turn on.
pans to right to show corner of mattress.
man in white begins pedaling bike.
rabbit makes small jump backward.
the first time the camera zooms in.
the adult puts the blue cup in.
a white flare light appears on the left.
she picks up something and drops it back into the bowl.
camera pans to the far left
man grabs the sheep's front leg
camera passes an iron rod gate
red bird goes out of view briefly then back in.
plane is closest to runway.
lady in blue shirt moves the baby.
we aren't able to see any sand.
the school turns the other way.
audience member raises hand to the right of the frame
passes by a pedestrian in a blue shirt
the person swings the golf club.
the two people on bottom of screen start to walk left
boy hits the ball and runs
camera pans left to show single kid
a train closing its doors
train starts going
camera pans left to show valley
dog stands
his cat is done looking out the window
the baby moves his hand over his face really fast
a room with white walls
people in blue and white first appear
the long cylindrical cloud is fully visible
the girl is laying down
black bird flies away
the light inside the train dims and yellows breifly
finally see skier close up for the first time
sun goes down past land
camera zooms in to down below
a girl in black with a bun walks up stairs past a guy in orange sweatshirt
man walks up to his horses
small waterfall leaves frame briefly.
the cat grabs the rope with his mouth the first time
rod is flipped in hand for the first time.
fish uncurls its fins.
camera shows ceiling then pans to the window
man on motorcycle drives past a red car
two guys in middle of screen, one in white ' one in black are almost back to back then start to walk apart
man pans camera down to show his wife ' kid
lady in boa bends over to pick up something
guitar player is closest in view
baby bird first opens mouth wide
cloud of smoke blows for the first time
man in black blazer walks by
man in green shirt walks out of view
screen and man are way too close for a moment
someone warms their feet at a fire outside.
camera zooms in on guy in striped shirt
elephant on right climbs up the hill
camera moves to the right where there are bright lights
camera pans back to left
camera pans from person sitting on the rock to showing only rocks
can see a black guy in bright orange hoodie
little brown mushroom looking thing swims right, out of view
couple walk out of view
a person ' a kid in red are seen briefly on bottom left
dog eats one pill first.
men start to back up
red square flashes around the screen in background
camera stars walking towards little girl
a camera flash is seen for the first time
the toy flies away from the cat
person on scooter zooms by
we see the back of the skier
we see a man for the first time
drum instructor backs away
see a tall building behind trees for first time
camera pans away from side walk
dog takes off and jumps over something
ladder disappears from frame for the first time
looking back toward the piere
baby shakes head to the left
zoom in on girl and blanket
first row of people step onto the green
person in light blue first appears
camera shifts to the right
a tower light blinks in the distance.
woman sets gas can on green container
lighting makes trees look purple for a moment
a cat runs around its toy.
a woman puts a camera close up to her face.
woman in white top enters frame
first splash is seen
net is emptied into thing
dog sniffs bush for first time
gold dome comes into view
the man rests his right hand on the guitar for the first time
person walks away from their station
can see a persons hand holding a camera
red light shines straight out
people playing twister ' guy in black pants white shirt gets up and leaves
a person walks in from the left.
a hand gestures from the right side.
the fallen person stands up.
the lady goes to the window, then leaves.
we see the crowd on the left.
character sits on stool
cart reaches path
person comes into view
camera pans to show the end of the room
the person in the back walks forward ' guitar player walks backwards
camera moves to show the alien cars coming up next to it
wall disappears from view
man on left disappears from view momentarily
the man spins in a circle.
the man puts his hand from his face to the table.
simon gibson appears on the truck.
the piano keys are playing
the bright red spinning wheels
we get closest to the back of the floating vessel
three people come close together
writing appears on left screen.
we see the man in the hat playing the violin.
a person is petting the dog.
little girl in pink appears
girl leans against the pole
hand touches the screen
the letter g is formed
see picture on the wall with black circle
bird flaps his wing
kids hits the front of the drum with a stick
some kind of fluid starts dripping from cup
white bus passes
face comes into view
man picks up object for first time
toy blinks for first time
the chandelier is at it's lowest.
man in white goes to help boy with pinata
'train' comes to a stop
the frame in which the boat is closest to the camera.
the last frame that the adults hand is splashing the water.
when the baby takes the box of out it's mouth.
child begins to sit up
an underwater rock formation comes into the picture
santa with a backpack first appears
camera zooms in on stage
a knife appears on screen
the cameraman walks to the edge of the porch.
child smiles at the camera.
we see grass, then sky, then grass again.
we can see a sunny patch of sun on the grass.
the puppy is shown to the small dogs.
the child returns to the room.
girl in green kneels.
baby looks behind him.
camera pans right to show guy in red shirt
little girl talking to the camera
bowl of water first appears
thing starts to spin
camera pans right
red firework is seen.
we can see the flippers.
we can see the gray suv.
camera zooms in on a rock
pitcher throws the ball the first time
water first comes into view.
camera shows some chairs and a person in red
guy in glasses appear
gray kitten moves toward black
lady in black sits down
baby puts hand on adults hand
we can see a red shirt or vest.
we can see a smiling brunette who dips out of the way.
yellow/green ambulance is seen
boat first starts to move left
lights turn orange and white
camera pans back to the beginning again
people walking pass the first hanging light
girl gets thrown from the bull
dancers spin around
train begins to exit left of frame
kitten begins eating for the first time
man takes a bite of banana for the first time
person in red vest moves out of frame to right.
daddy pick sticks and give to baby
small animal appears on the beach behind the man.
dancing man looks at camera the first time.
the long dark barge passes on the right.
a finger is on the lens.
the moment the girl appears.
we dont see any wheels
child stands for first time
the object starts rising
the girl child talks to her parents
we first see the model
boat begins to leave dock
pole comes into view
a view of the ocean
an arm with black wrist bands comes into frame
little girl in purple makes contact with the door
camera zooms in on cave entrance
child throws flotation device out of pool.
bag hits the ground.
the man covers his face.
a large lizard appears.
person in red shirt is behind person in black shirt
child leans head against sofa for first time
two shadows come into view
black cat starts to lick the yellow cat
man in blue sweater with thin white stripes goes by
lady in blue top ' white skirt walks right ' out of view
antenna not visible in frame.
skier passes a small building on the left.
a woman in yellow is walking.
the rider passes a red car.
the train is stationary for a short moment.
a bright white reflection on the water is visible.
a man in blue jeans starts to turn around.
the cat jumps around the toy.
the girl stands up and comes close to camera.
we can see the person in black.
person in right corner points.
water spurts up in the air.
drummers march forward in a line.
person pops up from bin
lifeguard chair first comes into view
girls first star jumping
finally see what guy is making
someone pushes baby for first time
first paw is seen
performers start to back up for the first time
a child appears behind the lady in white.
the man gets on his bike.
the person picks up the white thing.
girl stands up and wiggles her butt
girl pulls wagon towards camera
the view gets closer to the man
person in white shirt turns around
camera shows the audience
camera starts to move to the stop of the monument
cars go around the first corner
hen flies at the other hens
camera zooms on yellow light
the man on the right has his hand in the air.
we see the bee closer up.
camera goes towards some rocks on the ground
rectangle screen appears on the building
sky is very bright for a moment
first person jumps into water
guitarist first comes into view
half-dome front-left is perpendicular to other dome briefly
hand can be seen on left of frame for the first time
red car comes into view from left
girl touches her hat
boy lifts guitar over his head
camera zooms in on flowing water
we see the cats face in full for the first time
man scratches his head
vehicle starts moving
man on stage claps
person walks behind fish tank
wig wearer points at audience with both hands for first time
the spider crawls to the left.
tan shirt is seen.
a red cart in the bike
big dot in right hand corner appears
camera shifts right
a young man in a black t-shirt stands up.
a bearded man bows his head and points.
girl leans in behind book for first time
you can see the cat with sunglasses on the girls shirt
little booy eating corn looks at the camera at end of clip
shows 3 people on bridge then pans down to show the water below
bird flies off branch
driving over a cattle grate
first bird lands on feeder
whole face comes into view
brown animal faces camera
yellow cab passes in the background
person lifts barebell
lights flash from blue to white
red lights first appear
a camera flash on the left side can be seen
a close up of a persons shirt is seen in these 2 clips
ladies in orange/yellow are visible
bert can be seen sitting in his chair
the most black on the left can be seen
man in doo-rag looks at camera and smiles
child puts face to camera
yellow dog stands on hind legs for first time
hand emerges from right of frame
a playing guitarist pick something
guy scratches orange square
going under the bridge
guy first apears
a plane takes off the runway.
a fist, then a hand in the air on the left.
camera flash for first time
train completely exits frame
the animal runs over the person's foot for the first time
we see the ride moving for the first time.
boy in red shirt skates toward the camera then turns to the right.
the camera pans down.
white horse appears in window of clock
man with mug comes into view
ant collides with red thing for first time
a group of teenagers on a bridge watching a river flow
closer look at dog
the first return to the group
the i in geico is no longer visible.
propeller starts to spin
bee first shows up
biggest screen showing matthew macconaughey
child turns head away from camera
people are visible in bottom right of frame
flat yellow car passes
camera zooms in on candle
camera moves up on red and gold thing
we see the dancing lady on the screen.
the person spreads their arms wide.
the man in blue picks up the child.
we see the crowd.
man appears in lower left corner.
man walks backwards for first time
we pass the first pole
first smoke
head pops up from bottom
screen changes for first time
man in light brown shirt rotates something
we can see a person's head on the down right corner
biker starts moving.
whole building comes into view
man in gray comes into view
we can see black backpack fist time.
kid in green first shown
parachute begins to spin
moving away from fire
camera turns right then left
white car drives by
camera pans quickly right to the building then back
camera pans up
building on left leaves view
camera pans right to show crowd
woman turns away from the table
blue stage light first flashes.
man gets up from floor and walks off.
baby slaps piano for first time
zoom in to dock.
person's head appears in center of frame briefly then disappears.
woman with flower in hair first appears.
child kneels down.
camera zooms in on purple flag
lady in black shirt and a bun moves from right to left in front of the camera
we can see the full image of the person
black can no longer be seen on screen
camera zooms in on rat
a woman in a pink tank top appears
camera zooms in close to the creepy frog creature
man in kilt steps back
camera pans over to the guitar player bowing
caltrain logo is seen
man in red shirt enters and exits view
man in orange dunks under water
two people are holding a banner.
the man smiles at the camera.
a small bridge can be seen.
helicopter rotor can be seen briefly in the top left corner spinning
the setting sun is not seen at all very briefly in this clip
the tops of the heads of people white/grey hair can be seen at the bottom of these clips
camera flashes.
camera rotates to the left
camera zooms in
guy finally hits ball
little boy looks up at music sheet
words come on screen
camera pans down to show the statue in the columns
last car makes a turn right
the tall apartment building is visible
the camera moves right to the clouds.
a zoomed video of the fire
train passes a large building.
hiker turns and faces us briefly
passes the tallest tree on the right.
white circle fades out and star shaped object appears.
man stands from bent position for first time
man in white shirt enters doorway
black koi fish appears
camera moves to the right kitty
babies lips move for the first time
the woman in white first gestures.
the camera moves away from man in hat.
person flicks the black car.
kitties are closest in view
pointy thing on the left first wiggles
sign first comes into view
camera starts panning right
man begins to walk
camera pans left
fireworks change to orange.
we see the road on the right.
the lone pup is near the man's foot.
camera zooms in on the wheels
kid in yellow stands up and moves forward
the second fish enters view
we can see the needle like structure.
the ride goes up the first time.
people at bottom walk toward center
batter hits base twice
refferee exits left of frame
red van drives past.
kids turn around.
we see the river the first time.
man on right is leaning forward.
man puts something in white float
dog is briefly not visible
gold dome first appears
horses appear
camera shifts to the tree on the right
bike takes off.
first camera flash
closer view of striped fish
mouse climbs on red button
girls stands and leaves
first break in bikes
hand first appears
the girl first covers her face with a book.
a bright yellow flash of light is seen.
the bus comes to a stop.
the woman is listening, then licks her lips and says 'umm'.
bird flys out of the hole
man bends down to get something
man in black coat comes into view
animal dives beneath surface
people in black shirts come into view
parade is farthest away
turtle first begins to move
first blonde woman walks passed
someone who appears to have an ear hat and striped shirt walks out of the scene.
yellow machinery goes by in the view.
second cat is seen
scuba diver is seen
first time blue sky is shown
the man in the white shirt comes towards the front and than moves back.
the baby raises both hands above their head.
the men pick up the wooden board off the ground.
the camera pans down to the photos.
a boy does a cannon ball into the pool.
the man waves his hand.
an object flashes on the right side of the screen briefly.
a woman with bangs, a ponytail, and glasses ends this frame
the man glances straight up twice before talking
cat first moves towards to wall
child touches the bench
child picks up purple object
guy at podium tilts head to shoulder for the first time
only the spire is visible.
we see the big screen for the first time.
camera zooms in on two statues on the right hand side of the clock, then zooms out.
the moment we see bright red brake lights.
the moment a pole with 2 yellow signs appears.
the man claps his hands together
a person wearing a blue shirt is visible in the bottom left of screen
the baby bird puts its head down into the nest
the ferret stops running around for a moment
the cyclist looks up at the camera after checking his cargo
the man takes of his black shirt
the boy runs back to the right side of the room.
a woman walks to the camera.
an animal runs from the wall.
the baby laughs for the first time.
something wispy appears briefly for the first time
cable comes in and out of view
chocolate cupcake first turns around
person in black moves towards the middle, the off to the right side
camera zooms out
pass a wooden sign on the right
first time we see the road
something runs by and nudges the camera
the robot walks to the other side
the conductor exits view
the man is finished dipping something
the man's motion is like washing his face
the man in the blue shirt makes swatting/scratching motions with his right arm in these scenes
the first people move off the line
man in red is seen
plane gets to the end of runway
man making an 'l' with fingers
the little girl in the center of the circle runs around the outside
the phone is blank for a moment
fireworks are visible from the left of the screen the first time
a person in white walks in front of the stage
traffic cones are visible for the first time
we now have a top view of the turbine
zoom in on computer screen
the man is finished chopping something
the baby looks at the camera the last time
we are looking at a shoe on a stick
closest distance to car in front
title fades off screen
boy in light yellow on right almost stands up but falls over
blue lights are seen
person is seen in background walking
big white thing comes out of view
no people are seen
man in ball cap walks by camera
guy walking is seen
rotates ipad first time
yellow skirt comes into view
facing the tunnel
the person passes in front of the camera.
the person shuffles the papers.
a bike passes the crowd.
the yellow truck turns right.
first view of babys hand close up
someone first walks away
first camera flash
someone in maroon hoodie walks between group of elvis and camera
the animal is closest to the water
the man on the right starts talking with his hands
3 or 4 straggler birds chase after the others
two bald men exit the bottom right corner of the frame
aside from minor adjustments, everyone is still
camera pans toward two seals who are upright.
the bike takes off from the side of the street.
the baby moves the bottle of water in front of her.
front of train looks closest to the camera.
kid speaks for the first time.
bigger lady in white tank top and glasses comes into view for the first time
baby grabs her knee for the first time
baby smile and move arms for first time
blurry for a moment
camera first looks down over railing
camera first zooms in
can't see lights anymore
man in gray walks behind the man playing
can see finger
the biker in white passes the biker in red
the rabbit is getting its groove on
the rocking boat is first seen
the largest part of the second person's head is seen
the person spins the third enlarged photo
dog drops into tub
closeup of cat near wall
fox is nearest the camera
man in blue exits frame right
we return to the large snowflake first time.
lady in white is seen briefly.
camera zooms.
e see the single player on the field.
person in khaki pants first moves arms
cat comes into view
we come back to the monkey on the chair
camera is spinning.
train passes under a bridge.
strip of road like surface is seen
motorcycle passes strip of cars
man in black hat holds up his left hand.
woman jumps down
something red moves out of view
white truck goes to right
going in a good circle
the train first starts moving.
girl looks up for first time
swan dips head in water for first time
a person with a braid is seen
the skeleton quickly goes into the clock
a person is controlling a device on display.
a couple walking in a park.
pink and red flowers on a bush.
animals in a lake.
we first see people coming
the bird/green object in grass first turns back the way it came
the right foot moves just slightly for the first time
we first see people close up from behind
water begins closest to the camera
the person lets go of the toy.
a guys feet by rope
lights go off then come right back on
kid hand gestures
singing and throws his hands up
the flash of a camera is seen
we circled around completely and can see the person wearing the red jacket again
the fish that is more blue exits view
words are on screen
girl in background hits instrument together
a baby being unwrapped from a blanket.
a person is cutting a piece of lumber.
one of the cats exits view
the attraction begins to move
the man kicks for the first time
camera pans all the way to right
first dancer leaves left
the camera stops looking down
a person wearing a white jacket is visible for the first time
the lights go purple
the hand doesnt really wiggle any of the parts
man pulls paper out
bear turns head for first time
third person is clearly seen
we zoom in on the animal eating
a person in a red jacket walks by
the baby starts to look at the person holding him
paper turns yellow for the first time
hands are clapping from the bottom of the frame
building with flag pole on top comes into view
the man in red jacket is walking past the camera.
we see a person standing on the beach.
a person is rubbing the ankle.
person in red jacket gets on helicopter
the baby sitting down looks to her left
the lights on stage are blue
the woman puts the baby's feet on the noodle
the person wearing a yellow hat closest to the camera exits view
we zoom in on the odd figure
the snowboarder comes to a stop in front of some mountains
the camera zooms to an animal in a bath tub
a purple line appears on the screen
lots of bikes rounded a corner
red lights turn blue
lady in white shirt swings in camera view
guy on left starts playing a tamborine
camera pans right to the field
guy on right holding blue bag steps out, slams something on the floor, then steps back.
first time something shows up from a black screen.
when we first see people on a bridge.
man in white shirt holds left arm up.
th water rises back up.
a hand moves the towel.
zooms in on guy with the mic
black to a lady with a baby
kid puts one foot to the side
galaxy becomes large
camera pans left from totem pole
camera rotates
camera makes up the stairs, turns around, and starts to go back
camera pans far right, then starts back left
a person walks into screen from left
lady in purple walks in view
finger comes into view
light fixture is clearly seen in ceiling
man is clearly seen walking across sidewalk by himself
camera zooms in on guys shirt
camera zooms in to blurry on the band
we zoom in on the people on the boat for the last time
the blue lights go dim for the first time
cat pops up for split second
worde 'time' on small screen
just red bricks
womans hair dips into view for first time
cats are not visible.
girl looks at boy for first time.
boy on right looks back briefly.
railing comes into view.
red building first appears on right.
people on stage first appear
a single dark bird stands on the right.
the people are clapping.
runners start the race
the talking head on tv explodes
the person's umbrella comes into view
the bee flies away
the page is turned the first time
we see the fountain closer as the lights dim briefly
3rd puppy is uncovered
two people are seen
zooms close in to canapy on power lines
camera pans right to green field
first time a bright white light flashes
person shakes off the spatula for the first time
tarp backdrop starts to move in the wind for the first time
bicyclist turns
table is seen with hail on it
people begin to jump in pool
reader switches the side he is reading from
man tucks his hands under desk
real close up of baby babbling
green frisbee isn't visible
the man takes something out of the box and drops it in the bucket.
the singer walks to the mic.
magnets touch for first time
see a close up of plane
see close up of women for first time.
bird flies in front of screen
guy in black shirt and white hat points at the board
black in right corner first appears
a camera flash is seen for the first time
the man picks up a bag for the first time
exiting the cloud cover no sky is seen
a guitar neck can be seen on the right of frame
cark gray rock almost completely out of frame briefly
girls starts slapping glass
baby stands with hands on the wall.
baby is laughing.
puppy walks over donut and off screen.
black to a little girl viewing aquarium
we go back looking at the red object behind the car
the person's hand is seen for the first time pushing the baby in swing
we zoom into the performers on stage
the grass on the right is no longer visible
the tv screen goes black for a moment
fireworks go from red to green
dog stands up
red cyclist first comes into view
guy in sweater grabs the rail
guy in yellow shirt disappears from frame
purple circle disapears
guy smiles at the camera
the person playing the guitar ducks down
the dragon's head is visible the first time
a hand very noticeably flashes into the scene on the right before being pulled away
the woman reaches for the man with her right hand.
a person in brown enters the scene.
the hand first touches the toy.
the man with the yellow hat is first seen.
camera looks up to sky.
people are most clearly seen
plane passes silver building
finger waves in the air
the man claps
the first additional person enters the screen from the left
the animal moves the least in this frame
the closest view of the flower
the boy wearing a purple shirt is visible
boy runs down river ' another person is seen
door opens on silver car
view flips sideways
man standing to right of guitar player walks off.
we see the gray fish.
lights flash and we see the crowd.
man in brown coat passes
guy first looks to his left
we see inside the chicken
person holding small child walks by in crowd
baby lets go of hand for the first time
girl is moving her legs while reading
girl in yellow sweater appears for the first time
person with stripped shirt grabs something off floor very quickly
mans hands moving seen on screen
the scene ends
first see a map
a person in hot pink goes by on a cart or bike
people clap their hands
two people in red shirts are dancing crazily.
an image of a girl faintly appears and reappears several times.
the big fish moves out the scene.
the machine's arm moves to the left for the first time.
older boy is chasing the smaller boy.
man in striped shirt joins the crowd.
we see an orange box in lower left corner.
group stands up
little girl walks in to view
yellow and red trucks are seen where clip stops
goose walks in to view of camera
woman starts hula hooping
dog steps all the way in for first time
the plane comes to a complete stop
the two men are done jumping
the cat starts to play in the grass
a front view of the wheelbarrow fountain
we see 2 kids
slowly zoomed in
boy with hood turns the other way
woman in red coat bends down to pick up bucket
bird moves to other branch for the first time
a boy running in a store.
the man reaches down to pat his bag
he pulls the black shirt over his head
the foot is not seen until the very end
man in orange moves hands for first time
full square that plant is in comes into view
child spins around
pans to left
guy gets up on table
man in blue shirt crosses his arms
sky turns dark
dog steps back then lays down
man points at something and the camera pans to it.
we see moonlight reflected on the river.
oil water mix swirls for the 1st time
pans away from us
going up the ladder
man puts hands on head
the red screen is seen
a striped fish can be seen
the man tilts his head down to the right
the child appears to throw the popsicle
we start to go up
the screen begins to lighten
white haired person comes into view and then exits
first time text shows up on screen.
man in orange shirt first comes into frame.
first camera flash is seen against the building.
3rd guy from the right in the back picks up something and claps his hands together, then drops the thing he picked up.
the cat is wearing a glad box as a hat
the word light is displayed on the screen and then rolls off
a man runs toward the camera and then exits view
a spotlight appears on stage
a wooden pathway comes into view for the first time
the turtle is swimming with its side facing the camera
the train comes into view the first time
a coin is placed into the mini jukebox
man in yellow suit stands up
baby bounces up and down
mural on left wall is fully shown
we see rearview mirro
lots of red fireworks
panda moves and we see his back
red firework that goes very high in the air and then completely away
orange-red glow of light is seen
the little girl shakes her hand over the table.
the lights return back to red towards the end.
a woman dangles the babies feet over the pool noodle.
the flag moves out of the picture.
we first see a pole bottom right
thicker tree trunk comes into view
lady's head first appears
the man with the dreads walks onto the stage.
the first curve ends.
first time an empty cup approaches the camera
motorcycle pulls onto main road
dog first walks into the light
man first blows raspberries on baby's belly
we first see window on the stairs
the man begins moving his head to the music
the bright light exits the view briefly
person exits room for first time
finger uncovers lens
silver dome exits frame right
ro tombstone quickly flashes by
lady in black hijab is visible.
dog on right falls to the left.
person pushes broom over.
finger first appears and points to the object.
two girls in white headbands appear from the right.
the text nepal is visible.
the boy shakes his head quickly
trash is shown on the ground behind party goers
plane turns to the right
2 people jump, then stop and spread apart
cat walks and the crouches down
a woman in a white shirt holds up peace signs at the camera.
the camera reaches the end of the hallway
the camera person opens the door
the lights go up one side and down the other
the otter's belly is visible
we see a man
we see the back of the yellow t-shirt.
we see the green light flashing on the left.
the cat rolls the toy back to the man the first time
the person descending reaches the lowest point
a person on the end reaches down and grabs something and puts it back
second cat comes into view
another diver is visible for the first time
the animal is surprised they have been found for the first time
the child puts something on the floor with his left hand
first time we see a hand
last time we see fish
first time there's a shadow on nose of plane
camera bounces for the first time just slightly
woman first swings child to another woman
peas in the person standings hand are first handed to the child
first time the man in black up front disappears from frame.
two birds fly into frame.
ropes vibrate a lot.
the camera pans up towards the clouds.
the dog moves into the other room to rub all over the floor.
a girl walks by dragging a rope
the little blonde girl in white is picked up by another girl
the man in the wheelchair spins
first pole is seen and disappears.
man playing guitar looks up for the first time.
first time crowd does a spinning move in dance routine.
guy in green disapears
waterfall is shown
the lady touches the swing with her left hand for the first time
one of the birds tries to chase another away
the lady is helping the boy with the toy
a small gap in cars passing by in the right lane
baby crawls up stairs before pausing to look at the camera.
we see a large building come into view, and remain in view.
first woman in blue scarf walks past guy in red 10 shirt's left
ornaments first start alternate lighting up.
a person in blue walks in the background.
the person with a flag take the first step forward.
there is a tree visible.
man wearing a lightblue shirt is visible
we look down at someone and then back up at the sparkly object
man playing guitar closest to camera comes into view
person in white coat walks through frame
fade in from blue
man on guitar looks left then quickly back.
saxophone guy walks behind another guy at a table.
sky to water frame
the truck is first seen
many houses/buildings are seen
camera zooms in on the duo
bunch of dolphins jump out of the water first time
brick tower leaves the frame
sparks are hitting the mans feet
the man stands
guy in bright yellow zooms by
can't see the guy anymore
man in white cap walks past.
black goat is off alone.
child leaves the rug.
person points to shirt
man in black reaches across board for the first time
green light on bottom first appears
people on bridge are visible
man up close with his arm raised is visible
light shines on black rectangle for the first time
big tree leaves view
fountain first comes into view
man starts to spin the woman around
the man looks toward the end of his guitar
the barrel is spinning on the ground toward the back
the blue title screen fades to image
person in green shirt first scoots forward in chair
bird flies by for the first time
we see the front of the building for the first time
animal falls into the water.
the moment the fan propeller turns on.
baby grabs for something in the air for the first time.
the front bird turns to the left.
man is no longer holding the microphone.
we can see the orange lifeboat on the back of the boat.
plant hanger shown
water starts light show
lights flash on wall
the sky flashes green.
the camera zooms in.
a yellow flag goes off screen.
the camera zooms out from the djs.
a baby eating food.
a person is walking on the left.
we see the white page up close.
we see lady pointing on right.
we see the green backpack
the man in white becomes the leader.
the camera first zooms in.
the little girl touches her thumbs together the first time
we see the child wearing a yellow jacket the first time
the gear wearing a dress back out of view
the toy is now in front of the diet coke can
the name nick harris is seen on the screen
the camera begins to pan to follow the indoor cyclists
people are seen standing on a balcony
the person in the pew lifts the book.
the cars on the road are visible for the first time
the boy wearing a blue shirt enters and exits view
we zoom in on the writing on the wall
the baby starts hitting the table for the first time
people begin to cross in the background.
the people begin to walk down the hill.
a grave stone is visible.
the blue games enter.
we zoom in.
man is on the ground.
woman stands
the building and treeline first come into view
man passes two people in white pants
christmas trees start to blink and turn on
we zoom into the man on stage
the orange dial is no longer moving
otter flipping his tail
a car appears
it is dark
zoom to grid board.
scene shifts slightly to the right.
the camera crosses the intersection with stoplights
cyclists pass camera for first time
black cat is first shown in cover of book
camera first turns to right to follow cars
hand rail comes into view
man in sunglasses bottom left of frame nods slightly.
first collision seen
kid grabs on to wall of pool, then gets pulled away.
the camera shows a purple bed.
the camera zooms in on the flowers then back out.
we have a rearview of the toy
the man throws the toy for his dog the first time
the baby smiles really big
the boy laying down gets up
the man wearing a suit walks out of view
the girl on the left puts both hands on her hips
the man in the blue jumpsuit moves past the man in the gray jumpsuit.
the woman pans to the woman wearing the beige shirt.
no more totem pole
video 1st turns right side up
get to the bathroom at top of steps
the camera shakes and looks at the floor.
the hand pets the cat.
lady in black walks towards camera
person shakes something
the camera pans from a pile of rocks.
the darkest frame.
the fish turns towards the camera.
the baby first starts talking.
camera pans right to show barn
camera pans right to show beach
lady behind man talking moves her water glass
girl turns to face camera for first time
drawing begins
woman leans down to wave at camera
woman takes right hand off mic at start of frame
thing swings past camera
girl on stool first put her leg back down
we can now see two kids for the first time
something first jump out of the box
cat first pounces
the thickest cloud is flown through
a dog runs up to the door
the baby walks up to the camera and holds up his snack.
the background is almost white for a second.
the people in the blue at the end do not appear to bump eachother in this scene
hand comes into view
man in vlue shirt waves his arm for first time
kids start running
man on log almost disappears from frame.
solitary tree in foreground shows up, then camera pans away.
water fountain display comes from both edges of frame towards the middle.
the raccoons begin to run through the gate
the only scene in which the person by the window cannot be seen
baby first appears
palm tree moves out of frame.
trunk on ground comes into view.
camera zooms in on the musicians.
the camera speeds passed a motorcycle.
the hand stops brushing in order to pet the cat.
someone in white is running through the view
camera view first moves to the right
guy in green first barks at seagul
boy in blue first gets up
boy in hoodie turns around
woman in red enters from left.
bird flies to another branch.
guy in black walks up to the group of people
eggs turn yellowish
grass is first shown
camera zooms in on crowd
the camera shakes
guy in red starts to juggle
the camera pulls away from the speaker
the cat looks away from the toy mouse.
guy on bike goes from left to right
camera shifts to big rocks
hand appears on the feet
the bulldog turns around and falls back on the ground
the person wearing red is visible to our left
the person wearing a white jacket comes very close to us
camera pans up past moon/light to show bottom of rides above
can see a glimpse of something red from bottom
boy is pushing ladder to the camera.
white truck is driving past.
driver side mirror is shown
fireworks begin
panda is finished eating
the boy lays his paper on the podium
there is a very bright flash in the foreground
camera zooms in on the animal
camera zooms out from lady
lady looks down and points
the boy in green striped shirt points at what the man is holding the first time
the bird looks like it is pecking its foot
five fish are visible
the balcony exits view the first time
we look down at the sparks flying at the man's feet
the man sticks his tongue out
the figure on the projector screen is rotated
the third frame
kids steps down off pallets of wood
camera zooms in on band
a bid flies off to the right .
the men switch spots.
boy is bent down
man with red and white striped shirt walks in front of people
the first flash of a camera is seen
the children are both looking at the camera
the yellow cab exits view
a bird flaps its wings for the first time
we can see the front of the yellow van
the man is blocking view of the rear tire
a person falls down
woman in audience has cover on head
dogs come into view
car seen driving by in background
guitarist first lift his hand
dragon head comes back in view for the first time
the camera zooms in on the blindfolded person.
a curly haired man walks into view.
a person pulls off an orange piece of the toy.
the man on the far right first comes into view.
guy walking on a white line
guy in gray shirt black shorts first walks forward
the last clip, you can almost see the guitarist
screen first changes
an object first leaves what looks like a platform
the camera only pans right
only one person is seen in this frame
the camera zooms in
the person pats the child's hand
the green hat disappears from the frame
first scene where a bike with a side car passes
the face of a man wearing an orange shirt is seen
drummer gets up and walks off stage
guy in black passes up the 2 people in blue
shows the butterflies fling up in the sky
the dog begins jumping off the couch
the woman in blue crouches down
the camera moves
a man in a red hat exits the scene
we look at a different screen the first time
the camera focuses better on the man sitting
we see the baby smile the first time
we no longer see the mural of people on the left wall.
three people jumping on the left.
we look out the window.
the last swimmer has left the edge of the pool
the vending machine comes into view the first time
a girl with a pink dress grabs something and walks away
we pan right until the stream is out of the shot.
a car turns to our right from the top of the screen.
a guy makes a double 'ok' hand gesture.
dog begins to sniff the ground
we pass 4 rocks almost in a straight line
woman kisses wolf cub
woman in skirt passes behind tree
man claps his hands together for the first time
koala's face first disappears from view
we only see the machine
man on screen has his arms up
a purplish light is showing
a person stands up
the person in grey moves their feet
zooms into lady with camera
the bicyclist turns right onto a street.
we see all of the glass table.
two kids splash into the water.
the monitor comes into full view.
we pass a taxi for the first time
the train is at a complete stop
someone starts to wave their hat around
we zoom in on something
the lady smiles the first time
the people wearing red are visible the first time
smoke starts shooting out from the boat.
sky turns dark.
child walks out of frame then back in.
the elevator begins to rise.
the man on the mic first looks to his right.
a black line creeps into the left side of the shot.
cat flips onto his back stops eating toy and looks at camera.
man stops hugging the snow figure.
squid swims down to the ocean floor following a fish.
a hand waves in front the screen
another person comes into view
two helicopters are seen side by side
camera zooms out slightly
girl in blue appears
lady in purple walks towards camera
first cone appears and disappears.
the first moment when the dog on the left walks over the red thing.
dog stops scratching.
man scratches lower.
the face of a person in a light gray hood can be seen
the camera looks down
there is a swirl across the water and then a large fountain comes up
headlights shine on the white square object in the background
the girl looks to her right.
the camera pans to the right with the train.
the boy looks to his left.
man first reaches to other side of the table
fireworks first turn green
hand first pets cat
person in middle raises bow
someone rides by in front of crowd
man approaches woman that's close in view
we see the line of rocks.
we see the landscape around the stage.
fish turns to face the camera.
little girl holds eyes closed as she talks.
we can see the sax player.
baby holds out food to cameraman.
dog drops stick the first time.
the camera persons feet first come into view.
the camera pans down.
the conductors hands come into view briefly.
a hockey player nearly looses their balance.
we see a small bridge passing over the stream
the diver gives two 'ok' signs with his hands
motorcycle passes by a train
the boat first bears right
we first zoom in
we see a camera flash
person in blue first turns to their left
guy in black looks at camera
baby falls to the floor and crawl/walks
lady turns the other direction
starts going up ladder
the man pulls the string into the boat.
the baby yawns and turns his head to the side.
the camera fades in from black.
the woman danceing has her hand down and shows somet
the camera pans to the right to show a green car.
the camera goes past octagon shapes.
a woman looks to her left.
someone first moves the yellow box away from the cat
camera first pans left
we see a man coming towards the camera
the lights are fully shown up close
speaker backs away
black then goes purple
in the first clip the view moves down and back up
person first points
camera first moves to the right
first zoom in
at the end, the orange dial does not move
dry sand can be seen
beagle looks towards camera, not directly
train is fully in view
camera rotates first time
light flashes inside package
a park bench is shown
woman turns around for first time and takes 2 steps
the least amount of fireworks is shown and kind of fizzled out
the children are standing beside the display.
zoom in of the kid with red shirt moving his hands rapidly
the little boy gets up to look directly in the camera
the man adjusts the plate with food on it
the water is more blue
speaker steps up and grabs microphone
banner first appears
2 birds fly down to ground
girl turns to the side and looks back
camera is seen
man gets pelted with various objects.
camera moves to the left of the object being pushed/pulled.
girl in green walks into frame.
a big ship with 4 masts comes from right to left of frames.
girl starts talking.
the only shot where the swan does not dip his beak into the water.
boy first tilts his head to the side
gate is first visible
building on left disappears from view
men above start clapping their hands above their heads
the scarves are around woman's neck
hooper waves with her left hand
girl pushes toy to boy for first time
pan to the right
someone flips of the swing
woman in blue looks to her right for the second time
gentlemen in white collard shirt walks out of view
first time we see cops arrive
man skiing is closest in view
we see bird up close for the first time
purple line first appears
the man in the white shirt stops to look off the bridge before returning to his group.
the turtle moves towards the camera and than turns.
the yellow train cart moves in and than out of the picture.
a woman puts a quarter into a jukebox and picks a song.
second fountain/sprinkler comes on
2 big ducks are first seen
baby puts hands over face for the first time
man looks up at the camera
a woman in a pink saree sitting on a mopad
a woman gets up and walk in front of crowd
the camera pans to the audience.
a hand points to some seedlings.
person's fingers are visible the first time
the large tree exits view
boy stands upright 1st time.
cameraman starts walking.
child in red walks past.
man is walking and scratches head
woman looks up from microscope
woman shakes her head yes.
man spins the woman
the bowl drains the most
the man exits the scene for the first time
the cameraman begins going down the slide
the man sprays the glass from above
boy in red moves his hand vigorously
boy first sits up from back of couch
camera first zooms in
turtle first pops head out of water
robot guy first shakes head
camera zooms in on legs
camera zooms out
girl first looks up
hand first appears
fade from black to aquarium
woman with umbrella is shown briefly
bee falls off momentarily
boy is first seen picking his nose
man in white shirt leaves the frame to the right.
child reaches out in front of herself then sits back on the couch.
zoom in to the sign.
blue screen becomes visible for the first time.
the screen goes from green to yellow the first time
we are now looking at what appears to be a courthouse
the first flashes of light
camera first zooms in
camera first moves to the right
camera first begins to zoom in
the light dog runs towards the camera away from the other dogs.
the delivery man hands the sitting man a bag.
the trash can on the right comes closest into view.
boy looks up at lady
water flows back out
last time guy walks to door
waves first shown
pointy building disapears
lots of trees appear
the man in green leans forward the back.
the lady falls.
camera pans left to show a person holding a newspaper.
a little boy sticks his tongue out at the camera.
a little girl turns a book upside down.
passes second taxi.
a head is visible in the lower left corner then disappears.
three people become visible walking in the opposite direction of the train.
person near camera raises arm for the first time.
white car with man's head stick out of window is visible.
lights go from red to purple for the first time
the plane first begins to move
officials in neon vests
spider finished making his web
hands go across front of screen
a duck swims into view
the child waves at the camera
the person closes the booklet
the group stands and cheers the first time
a little girl tips the musician
all of the vehicles that are stopped exit view
a duck is very close to the camera
tree with grass is seen
red light blinks
girl in orange shirt walks in
man standing brushes back hair
the man on the right reaches across the bar.
one of the dogs jumps in the water.
the person is closest to the trash bin.
man is seen coming down hill
camera rotates from mountain top to other mountain in distance
focus is on audience
man pulling suitcase walks by
car passes under a bridge
toddler pushes the ladder back towards camera
a white truck passes behind the group
blond lady goes in front of the camera
we see the man's face.
bird flaps wings first time.
person moves the arm on left more.
the whale finishes beating its tail against the water
a dump truck comes into view
we can now see a couple of building to our right
woman starts spraying whipped cream
child stands
the person in front turns to face the others
the camera zooms in
girl in blue dress moons the camera
camera angle rotates
camera pans from sheet music to the stage
a cyclist with a yellow backpack is seen
bright white man walks through shot.
we see orange cones for the first time.
the only shot without the yellow object.
we zoom into the monitor.
a boy flips the laptop screen upwards.
the scenes switch for the first time
no one at the table moves
dog fetches for last time
boy looks at camera ' smiles
boy laying on floor sits up
guy in blue sits back up
red flag appears
camera first zooms in
can see conductors hand on left side
dance leader goes out of view on right side
boy with ball sits behind someone
screen goes blank
can not see orange building/statue
starts getting real close up
striped fish goes out left bottom corner
the dog starts walking after pausing for a second.
4 animals jump out of the water on the left side of the frame
the boy in black shorts is first scene bending over a the water's edge
first zoom in
guy in black stands up and walk to our left
the dog begins to mess with something on the ground with its paw
the lady stands up straight
dancers first switch places
camera zooms in on dancer
little boy appears
people running up and down the field
no cats running left or right
girl in middle looks back
lady in towel exits right
we're passing big machinery
1st house appears
red lights turn purple
a second plane is seen
the first blonde haired women we see is no longer in view
kitty first appears
camera pans left to actors
the people wearing orange are visible the first time and exit view completely
the light is red for the first time
one of the hikers looks back at the others
skeletons are hanging on the fence
knees bend for the first time
person reaches the top and climbs up
first time camera zooms in on the chickens and then zooms out.
when the skies are the most clear on the top right of frame.
the dog gets down off the edge
we zoom in on the cat
the fox is fully visible in front of the camera
the man in blue walks out of view of the camera
girl on bike rides past the camera.
pool comes into view for the first time.
stage lights turn red for the first time.
a small waterfall becomes visible for the first time.
camera pans to a boy on the left in green.
the toy stops walking.
the figure banging on the clock can be seen
the scene momentarily flashes black
a yellow sign on the right is seen
the dog starts digging the snow.
the dog first touches the hand with his paw.
the person in the green scooches up to the table
man first walks up
man in red shirt and black does a weird punching motion with his arms
man looks up at ceiling briefly for the first time
camera pans left to show a little bush
dog shakes like its wet
the man in the black coat,hat,and backpack walks out of frame.
the train begins to exit the frame from the right
dog starts to jump down
performer on stage spins all the way around for first time
structure in water quickly moves to right side of frame
man in white on cellphone walks through frames
the person in black on the sidelines rises from a sitting position
the dancers do not spin or turn around
stick goes up and down
baby sticks tongue out for the first time
the performer walks off the stage and returns
the camera tilts back and forth
shakes her chest at towards right of screen
person in middle moves arm down guitar
two trees first are seen up close
we first see the plant up close
child ruffles the pages for the first time, then fixes them back to a neat fold.
the first time we see a bright light in the sky as the camera pans upwards.
child looks down and to his right for the first time.
baby yawns closeup.
jumping woman on the left.
we see cars in driveway.
little girl begins to play the trumpet.
camera comes back to show the man on the ground playing with his shoes.
the person is putting whipped cream on the coffee.
the man in yellow throws a fish up high.
zooms in close to table leg
a black cable is seen
the floor shows in the front of the twister mat.
the sun shows the most in this clip.
the boy has his arms folded.
white haired man with glasses looks back
man in orange is shown
the first snowboarder comes down the slope
the boy sitting on the bean bag gets up
we are finished looking at the big rock
the large screen on our left comes into view the first time
person flips off of swinging thing
man exits frame
police cars block getaway vehicle
lights go up one side and down the other in these frames
head first goes under
face is first shown
little boy in red picks up ball and runs away
girl twirls ribbon wand and kicks out left leg
rat runs across sewer water
baby sticks out tongue
dog face can be seen for first time
train is nearest
boy bounces
the guitarist rolls up his sleeves
boy in striped shirt reaches for the bag the first time.
man puts chunk of snow on snowman.
red fish swims in from the left.
a girl in a striped shirt touches a waterfall.
a bird flies by a boat.
guy in orange is first seen
woman opens up her fan while dancing.
the woman in the front middle raises her staff.
person in red walks from right to left.
dark haired girl is smiling at camera.
bird jumps over a log.
baby cries after crawling some
we first see laptop screen
camera first pans to the left
kitty got 2 final pats' lol
girl straightens her position in line
1st see a building
girl runs back to front of line then runs to the back
kids first disappear from view
walrus' head touches the glass for the first time
camera flies past a motorcycle
person pets cats head after brushing it
plane first goes downward
man first looks to his right then to his left
a black car drives past outside the window.
can clearly see the word 'over'
spider is closest to center
people switch sides
looks over balcony to show parking lot
man slams something
another cat runs by
pen first moves
dog gets out and turns around then goes back in the water.
water first shown
lady behind guy puts napkin on the table
camera zooms in on car
person on left turns to face camera
ride zooms close by camera
nurse is listening to babys heart/lungs
man moves over wake to reveal tree covered shore
dog starts to run
dog looks at camera for first time
all lift their right leg straight in the air at once.
person climbing reaches the top.
bright lights turn on.
striped fish is tracked.
gentleman truns and walks off to the left.
child first starts eating popsicle.
dog jumps off of girls lap.
zoom in to grill.
two people run out of the frame.
blue gloved hand comes into view.
we first see man in white hat
guitar player first goes out of view
man on far left raises his arm
we can see the ledge.
lady in black claps hands
a man in a pink shirt walks by
the black lamb shakes its fur and runs away
the baby crawls off the carpet
lady with red jacket on the left comes into view
the little boy is holding onto the each of the pool
the people on stage puts their hands down
girl in pink bounces up and down.
camera zooms in.
a person bounces a ball.
the dolls arms shake.
the camera zooms in.
a large silver fish swims across the frame
using his hands to talk
helicopter touches down.
little boy runs around to the other side of the wall
man in red shirt with strap across back enters frame
guitarist steps to left and rests against stool
woman first pokes dog with pointer finger
we first zoom in
we see people running out of view
man reaches the top of the guitar neck with his pinky finger.
first time there is a lens flare on the left side of frame.
the parachutist soars over the camera for the final time
the dog drops the ball at the person's feet
referre raises hand
baby finally is in crawling position
large amount of trees comes into view
cat grabs toy for the first time
turns to side
cat rolls over
sitting man statue is visible
boy first grabs the washcloth
a weird gun-shaped stain shows on the sidewalk followed by a rock.
the woman in black is closest to the camera.
the red sky goes from light to dark, then stays darker.
person lays the pink object down.
man in green shirt videoing is not visible at all.
baby first turns and crawls away from us
2 girls hug each other
he made it to the bottom
light pole appears
zooms out from guys
zooms in on the word lion king
tunnel is no longer seen
boy puts paper on podium.
the first time we see a light at the front of the house.
flags make appearance from right
camera shakes
focus on th eman
he raises his hands
man puts the hatchet down.
baby looks at the keys then puts them to his face.
the first car leaves the shot.
cameraman shows his black boots.
the camera focuses on a floor with white all over it.
man in black stands up.
ladies put hands in hair first time.
we see the round fountain.
boy starts going backwards
girl in middle starts to dance and points arm down
performer is off screen briefly.
we see the umbrella.
spoon is seen touching balloon
man in pink shirt is seen
zoomed in view of children
forward car's brakelights first turn on.
a herd of animals seen at night with nightvision
kid in suit with an anonymous mask on walks in front of the camera then walks out of view.
the brick wall on the left is no longer visible as the camera moves forward down the path.
someone in a red shirt walks from the left and into a crowd.
the man briefly lifts one hand into view.
person walks in front of camera.
squirrel turns away from camera.
left arm is up high.
third dog comes into view
silver car comes into view
fountain begins
man in orange shirt comes into view
man crosses in front of light for the first time
lady in blue shirt disappears from view
baby look far left screen
man in blue cap takes it off for a photo with the blonde lady
camera pans down then starts to zoom in
person on the right first raises arms and links hands together
coral reef first disappears from view
the camera zooms in on the baby's face with open mouth.
the biggest, closest mountain comes into view of the camera as it pans right.
first time girl falls
first time woman touches tire with object
accordion player comes into view
blue closed umbrella comes into view
boy takes hand away from jenga tower for first time
white screen fades away
camera first looks upward to the sky
person in green shirt first walk passed camera
we see a lake
starfish first begins to move
the man looks down at the baby
the face of the lady to the right is seen for the first time
the person puts the booklet underneath their arm
the bird begins to go for 2nd fish
the girl looks up at the camera
the man kisses the women in the green scarf
the green trash can is visible on the right for just a moment
the boy turns around and starts walking the other way
we can now see the boat moving away from us
the boy in orange walks out into the water the first time
the dancers all move in closer together
child begins to fold object.
person in pink dress can first be seen.
boy in glasses who is talking can first be seen.
the person throws the airplane
the person's hand first comes into view
tree on right exits frame.
person puts sax in mouth.
only two spots of light are visible in the darkness.
we see a man alone at the table.
dog sits and shakes hands
woman comes towards man then walks away
dog starts scratching
frame starts with blue firework explosion
a person walks into view on right side of water
view is all zoomed out from tree
snowflake lights are first seen
guy on stage does first complete spin
darkest part of the day
person in red is seen walking from left to right side
girl in pink walks out of view on left
the green awning is in view the whole time.
eggs drop into the hole a second and third time
only one bird is in view
the clouds start moving by faster.
the text is shown on the screen.
the person's arm with the blue tartan shirt first appears.
lady reaches up on board to write
person on left of ghost flashes some blue light at kid
clip starts with a huge wave of water coming down, then small little spurts of water start to shoot up
first see man playing drum
the conductor moves his arms around quickly
woman in tan runs bacc towards slide.
guy shown in yellow and red striped shirt.
yellow flag makes appearance.
puppy first losses leash and catches again
man on unicycle first points at the flaming sticks in left hand
guy first begins to speak
woman starts talking
first time woman looks over her right shoulder
zoom in on horse
man pokes other man with orange thing
guy is standing with arm up.
a person is visible the first time
a hummingbird flying is seen the first time
the man begins to point
the man with the long hair pokes the one with the crown in the stomach
drummer goes ham in the right scene
she goes in for the 4th swing
the red shirt first appears
the lady starts walking away from the car.
dog fetches first piece of food.
dog turns head to opposite direction.
child claps.
picture went from dark to light
first time a building is shown in back.
baby leans back.
camera moves to right and we see a flag for the first time
first time sun with purple is shown.
the giant plastic ball knocks over the red structure.
the two instructors with grey shirts first appear.
camera pans to the right to reveal a lot more black cows.
the cat is done grooming
the man wearing a white robe moves his hand the first time
the hummingbird flies away
the text on screen is visible briefly
dolphins jump way out water
car goes by
third dog is seen observing the game of tug of war.
car passes through running water.
man in black shirt places headphones onto his ears.
woman begins speaking.
ball spins around toy for first time.
bird turns around
the animals are in alignment
kitten looks at camera.
lady tapping her right foot.
tree shadow on turtle.
person runs down hill
truck leaves the shot
a cat looking at the camera.
man in white walks by on the right.
hand in front of camera.
frame briefly fades out
costume is put on
camera begins to move slightly closer to dog.
man goes from standing to squatting for first time.
woman in pink shorts stands up for first time.
man exits stage on left.
person paddles past white ball.
child picks up phone.
we can see a person's phone the first time
the seal jumps on the small land between the pools
a man speaking into a bullhorn at night at the side of a river
the red chair is visible the first time
we can see the girl's face the first time
a white tower is seen the first time
we can see a small object on the balcony as we look down
cat grabs butterfly.
she starts to cut cake.
parrot first appears
camera zooms in
man in black shirt sits down
woman starts cranking handle
both turtles touch left wall for first time
camera pans around to face the guys
guy in red drumming ' camera pans left
a hand is seen pointing from cameras view (first time)
child is closest to camera before running away
someone walks through frame carrying a tiny someone else
zoom in on table
plateau come into sharper focus
entire tv can be seen for the first time
the dog is finished scratching her ear and then licks her paw
the blue firework is visible
the person pushing the stroller moves partially off screen to our right
the woman pokes the cat's face with one finger.
camera zooms in towards the water.
boy places lego on his lap.
camera moves down to look at a small snowman.
the person with the green jacket walks behind the girl in the white shirt and stands to the left of her.
the person in the red shirt puts their hand away from their face.
the doorway with the waves visible through it are shown.
we see more of structure on left.
the first strike.
girls fighting for the microphone.
camera zooms in
camera looks around
colored chairs show up
man talks to camera
we can now see a large street instead of buildings
a cute toddler chewing on the lanyard of a remote while crawling
man gets on his bike
blue sofa is visible
2 people walk in from right side of frame
woman holding phone moves hands up and down
toddler looks backwards
camera pans left then right
pink scarf appears
zoom in on drummer
man in jeans walks to the right
man first appears
the train is no longer visible in the frame because it has passed us.
the camera man in the blue dress shirt and khakis has his back to us briefly, then turns back to look at the couple at the front of the room.
only one color picture is visible for a brief moment.
people kiss.
lady in black lifts foot backward.
boy falls off.
the girl kneels down on her knees.
the brightly colored tunnel appears.
the back of the boxes are now both facing us
we zoom in on the panda
fisrt time person in blue shirt plays air drums
first time both acrobats are seen upside down
guitarist stops playing, looks down at guitar then resumes
the monkey with a long tail is visible
man first looks down at baby.
man lifts dagger up in hand.
woman in vest collects objects from people.
gray haired head visible at bottom of frame
people walk by the windows
man touches face
first view of a long gray rectangler forms on ground
band director turn around to his right
little lady behind guy with hand drum steps back to the right out of view
smoke is seen.
we move along the length of the line.
we first see the mountain
they start running
camera begins to zoom in on washington monument.
man seen talking into bullhorn for first time.
people stop waving their arms back and forth.
an emergency vehicle in the snow.
a man demonstrating something on a computer.
blue sky comes into view
runners start running
camera zooms closer in on tree
snowflake first appears.
woman grabs an orange shirt.
couple separates from each other.
cat turns and makes a quick dash across the room
man picks up yellow thing
boy in green lifts left hand
man in red turban comes into view
guy in yellow appears
baby first waves arm
we see the green awning.
the light appears.
we can see the 2nd bird.
man in striped black and red shirt sits down
man in red and black shirt walks through crowd
text is visible
fish swims into leaves and screen transitions
a hand pointing fingers briefly comes in from the top right
dancing women sit down
camera pans up to tv
first people playing rock, paper, scissors
yellow boat first appears
hand first appears
baby kicks the ball for the first time.
boy in blue shirt starts to get up.
camera bounces up for the first time.
baby bangs on xylophone
red walks in
child in white shirt stands up
someone starts to swaddle baby
firt time finger touches screen
everyone touches heads to floor
we pass black pole for first time
crocodile first swims away
last viewing of fireworks
lights on stage first change from white to greenish
we first see something begin to appear top right
the child in gray is sitting on the ice.
the man in a gray baseball cap and white dress shirt runs to the left and lifts his camera.
the woman spins on the man's right side.
horse rounds the cones
windmill spinning at the fastest spped
goes going down river turn sideways, then backwards and fall at end of clip
little girl with red hair looks up at camera
one thick jet of water shoots up by itself.
the camera man spins around to show the sun over the water.
in the lower right corner of the screen a person wildly shakes their head.
girl walks toward tv and touches something.
camera zooms way out.
baby lets go for the first time
pink dress is first seen
lone bluish light first disappears from view
lady disappears from view
2nd vendor appears.
dog is close to camera.
bird bopping up and down.
mountain on left visible.
the edge of black umbrella is seen.
bush on right is blowing in breeze on top.
camera shows the cars passing each other going opposite ways at end of track
camera pans up/left to shoe a building air unit
2 kids carring a banner going left, followed by 2 more kids carying a banner going left
hand appears in bottom right corner
screen first shows a man.
camera zooms in on a statue up high.
only see mirror on motorcycle
robot comes our way
kangaroos start fighting
the buggy's trailer has completely exited the frame for first time
roof stays visible for entire frame
one box turns into two
camera begins looking upwards
ice particles shoot up for the first time as the man carves the block
lightning is seen for the first time
the person flips the notecard over
there is a light in the water.
gray haired man walks past camera.
man picks up yellow container.
2nd time camera is jostled hard.
camera pans left to see start of waters edge
camera gets to the bottom of stairs and heads out
lady in pink walks to the right out of view
first time someone walks infront of camera
we first see a hand
camera first zooms in
dancer first moves arms
camera first zooms in
the girl closes the book and then looks at the front cover.
the person in black comes close to the camera and moves her arms around.
the two people wearing black walk by.
arm comes into view directly in front of camera
little girl stand up straight
bent curvy tree comes into view
child in pink get up.
child licks whip for first time
second chicken appears
man stands up for first time
only one single fountain still spraying
wavy lines first appear
dog tries to run
the wooden pier fist comes into view as the camera pans left.
the performers put their arms in the air and then put them back down.
the man with the bright head on the lower left first moves.
dog first scoots something between the two wheels
an adult arm first appears
balloon first hits camera
a snow plow vehicle plowing snow quickly at night through a quiet part of the city
the man puts both of his feet down the first time
the baby looks to her right the first time
we see two people standing on the left very briefly
the furthest view out of water running on something in a sink
man in red shirt bends his head down.
small part of car can first be seen.
red truck exits to the on the right side of the frame.
two people touch the same microphone.
the camera zooms in on boy as hes about to blow his candles
the camera zooms out as man in blue is about to pick his nose.
we pan to the left to show more land
first time dog runs for food
dog looks back toward camera for the first time
camera rolls on its side
someone in a white shirt comes up from the right and stands near the stage.
the baby sticks its tongue out and then opens its mouth wider than before.
lady sitting next to man brings her hand to her mouth
girl in pink dress stands up
flounder comes out of hiding first time
camera first zooms in
camera first moves around fencing
child first claps
person starts spinning swords around
first time baby touches adult's hand
man in red in front of camera.
camera zoom on fish
cat bats at the ball
we see pipe in bucket.
we see stage curtains.
jet flies out of view for the first time
camera first moves right
guy in black rubs guy in blues shoulders
woman folds up the dress.
planes begin to fly towards the horizon.
woman in yellow stands up.
fish goes to rest in the sand for the first time.
wiper first moves
yellow shirt guy bends over
person with dog enters frame
first time blue bowl exits frame right
boy with hat flops head down
man is holding up rt leg
baby starts to bite teether
far view of sink
a man scoring a soccer goal.
the baby grabs onto his mom
the baby turns away from the food with a sour look on it's face
the child closes the door he had just opened
camera zooms in on snake
view of the dam/locks in the river, camera starts to pan right
camera zooms away from baby
person in white runs behind people
and aircraft drops below the tree line.
the tip of the wing is in view
the screen to the left is first lit up
the conductor is completely in view the second time
the man finishes adjusting the projector
we see water moving rapidly in the top left corner
the camera corrects itself
taxi is shown goes from left to right behind man
they drop balls for the first time.
we pass the last sign and wiper goes up.
man in mustard yellow shirt bends over and appears to touch something on the ground.
we can no longer see the girl with a bag over her head
a fan seems to start to blow the woman's hair around
the building first lights up
the lake moves out of view to the left
plane flies past a building.
baby looks at dog for first time.
people watching the tv are first visible.
bright sun passes completely by.
1st time we see snow splash over car.
we see her hand
a woman appears from the left of the frame.
camera person points the camera at herself.
the person fixing the plant passes something to their right hand
a man is speaking into a phone when a green truck appears
light is brightest
something long (train') goes across the bridge
girl leaning on table stands up and adjusts her bag
bird starts biting.
crazy piece of broccoli gets onto stage.
woman in purple sweater stands up from kneeling.
camera slides right to next frame for first time.
ball can be seen flying through the air.
people on stage seen playing instruments for first time.
lights turn from green to purple for first time.
first page turn
semi-tall plant bottom left disappears from view
fireworks first fly
first takes hand off screen
focuses on screen above
people in red caps disappear
someone with red horns on hat comes into view
a person walks in front of camera view
a number comes into view
camera zooms in
both girls go backwards towards tv and jump.
man licks lip for a brief second.
people walk up to table
old people shimmy to side
woman to right of camera man is seen.
man in tank top is preparing a dish.
new cat walks into to scene next to litter box
blue structure visible for first time
first time plant turns to the right then up
man throws plane into the sky.
man puts the lid back on the box.
blue train car with white lettering appears from the right.
sail boat comes into view
orange flag exits frame to the right
woman points up to her right
tall man in white shirt does his first weird dance move
girl first looks at the stick
we first see the droplets on the screen up close
the dark haired woman wearing glasses talks and sips tea.
man in gray hat walks left.
we see '13'.
passed a red flag
kitty said meow
guy in black leaves and returns
man reaches highest point.
man in green sits forward
rocks first leave view
camera first begins to move to the right
camera first zooms in
a person wearing a guy fawkes mask walks by
a person playing the guitar is seen the first time
we see the person's feet
first time camera passes a tree
man in straw hat is first seen
camera starts to pan right
woman in white moves away from her chair.
camera zooms in on man on stage.
camera zooms in on screen.
largest hot air balloon is seen for first time.
light beams meet in the middle
man gestures to right
train comes into view
man touches person in yellow
four animals in the air
black van passes us on the right
we see the guy in white for the first time.
two guys walk through the shot together.
baby is in the shot.
a human hand is first seen.
man on truckbed ducks down and comes back up
the majority of the crowd is visible
guitarist loops around the stage
woman holding baby pulls the baby back
dont panic comes into full view
crane dips to lowest point
belly of dolphin through the glass
just ocean no object floating in the upper right.
the group marches towards us.
guy crouches down and put a big rock by the girls butt.
big rock exits frame
zoom in on far end of room
a third person is visible for the first time
the person in the back hits something the first time
we zoom in on the horse
the person in black touches the other person with the red object
the white object in the lower left corner of the frame disappears rapidly.
the camera zooms in on the large green water reserve.
a cat is offered a treat, and stands on his hind legs to retrieve it.
the smaller dog jumps back into the fray, and the fighting continues.
white clothes appear
lights turn yellow
first taxi passes by.
cat gets up on haunches
a silver car parks in front of the red one
view from front of house, facing away
a surfer runs out of a crowd to get to the ocean to begin surfing.
person pumps fist up and down in celebratory fashion.
bear first lifts head up.
the rc car's wheels spin for the first time
the little girl crosses her legs for a moment
hat passed through the frame from right to left
man plays with baby's mouth
the field is briefly visible
person in white hood stands up from crowd
two doves fly towards the tree.
the camera man watches the front of the train create steam.
kangaroos just siting in line, no fighting in clip
camera pans to the left passing in front of a sign to follow parade
clip starts with edge of roof in view at upper left
gyrocopter lifts off
big screen comes into view
boat appears to start going backwards
girl bends her arm
blue light in sky is visible
bright light is visible
land on right comes into view
bird flies by
pans out to water
we see the man in blue pull something out of the bowl
the man starts to play the guitar
someone pushes the baby closer to the other one
a boy in the red shirt walks in front of the camera the first time
person on stage first starts to headbang
big dog pauses for a quick stretch
bird first lifts up head
dog starts to lick baby's hand for the first time
camera moves from deck to show view
first time a blue light is seen
camera zooms in of people of side of mountain
large tree on left appears.
lights flash left and right.
artist walks forward.
lady moves to man's side.
parade of people on foot first appears.
waterfall appears as the camera pans left.
man in black touches his face with his hand.
girl in pink first appears.
baby pulls up a tiny bit
a white truck comes by.
car starts to take off.
we first zoom in on cat
we see the young girl completely
a group of people hop up and are jumping, two frames
the car passes the person on the motorbike.
sail boat goes behind tree
black object flies toward stage
camera turns around to reveal people waving flags
camera zooms in on person at podium.
red and gray pavilion visible for the first time.
boy turns his head to look at the vehicle.
monkey touches his belly for the first time
dog is first seen scratching ear
man starts patting his hand on his leg
weird man illustration is first seen on screen
scuba diver if first seen
camera pans left to show man playing violin
two people on one bike go past camera. one wearing a green shirt
the man wearing a black shirt walks out of view
a person jumps off the diving board the first time
two windows that are side by side with bright lights on are in view
the flames go out
the person spinning the ring with lights first comes into view
something reaches in to grab the snake
roller skater in black comes toward the camera for the first time.
man in blue serves for the first time.
camera moves closer to man driving,
a vehicle appears and then continues to driver over the bridge.
the puppy flips around and starts playing with the foot
the man in the purple and yellow face is visible in these frames.
the friend of the person holding his nose comes into view briefly on the left, then out of view.
camera moves to the left behind a desk
a multicolored blinking sphere first comes into view.
child stands up from the floor.
diver comes into view
people in jeans move to right
dog is out of view
panning way too fast
man walks up and taps other man
cat first gets up
blue light fades off
turtle begins entering land
fish gets very close to the camera.
a light green bowl appears.
red thing comes into view
man in gray comes into view
single black cow visible for entire frame
first time someone walks passed camera
squirrel turn left
camera begins to zoom out
person in black stands.
singer stops and looks left.
pan up to see close balloon.
dog falls over
camera zooms in
mouse first selects things
the person reading the book looks at the camera briefly before turning back
we are finished looking at the car
the group of people is now in view
the dog gets his first treat
we zoom out from the person talking
the man with the backpack is not visible
the toy in the water begins to move
we see the chicken on the gravel the first time
american flag stciker comes into view
adult hand comes into view
boy in gray tshirt dow a little dip move like he's dancing
first time red flashes
camera pans far left to show water
guy playing sax reaches across body to move something on podium
boy in red shirt is finally in full view and a shadow on left blocks him some
drummer stops shaking head side to side ' starts headbanging
the lady begins to write on the whiteboard
the child faces the camera briefly
the water appears to shoot higher than the two buildings for the second time
baby holds his fist in his hand above his chest
blond woman bends over behind man in light blue hat
from words to copper color thing
we first see the monkey/chimp
we first see the hand reach in to pet the dog
man and baby first bgin to clap leg
we first see the two guys in front of the computers
the balloon at its most distant view
camera first moves left
camera first zooms out so we can see boys face
camera first moves downward
the blueness of the sky is shown.
the ma in the gray suit takes a couple of steps backwards.
the orange flowers cover up some of the standing girl.
the person wearing a white shirt stops jumping
we are now at the bottom of the stairs
the bird stops pecking the ground
child reaches end of fence.
we can see the water droplets on the screen.
we see the water flowing over the dam or rocks
the us flag is visible
the cat picks something up in its mouth
the cat is done licking its foot
they begin to change the tires
side of the house exits view
we can see the lady's face the best
the person moves their foot out of view
the man playing the trumpet is seen for the first time
girl in black spins her hair about
camera pans to the left after going right
we go from two men talking to people dancing in the dark
violin player comes into closer view
dog lets go of ball and turns head to face camera
baby drops arm and opens mouth
person starts waving flags
man in red walks past
man exits frame to right
the zipline ride begins
camera zooms in
fox begins chewing ball
hand with white sleeve is shown
view is completely blocked by the flock of birds
camera first begins to move
a man in a white shirt comes into frame and then out of frame
a woman in a big hat walks by in front of the camera
a hand first comes into frame
hand begins petting kitten for first time
first time we see the left side of stage
person walks behind speaker at podium
the camera pans out to a lighter area.
the woman smiles and walks towards the camera.
the man holding the baby raises his arms.
it starts to get dark
flag exits top of frame for first time
girl steps onto log for first time
we first see a palm tree
hands area steady a moment for first time
first glimpse of the bright light
something in view bottom left corner
momma dog cleans white puppy
hook first appears
big splash in water
girl starts clapping
animal looks directly at camera
a girl on a small train.
a man playing the bongo drums.
man looks at camera then crosses arms
face first appears
the camera stops panning to the left and settles on the sailboat.
a black balloon wizzes by the camera towards the stage.
to people walking together in red cross the crosswalk in front of the cameraman.
starting to go down.
shaking head side to side.
broken up floating about bits.
we see the large rock in the sand.
bird flies into frame
animal exits bottom of frame
bird flies off of fence
the boy blows his candle out
the person wearing a yellow backpack is seen for the second time
the structure on the mountain is not visible
the cars are visible on the bridge
singer first swings left arm around
dog first shakes head
camera first moves to the right
camera pans right and stops on the blue structure in the background.
camera zooms into a single flower.
second frame
the camera first begins to move
the photographer in the yellow shirt and black jacket disappears into the crowd
a man walks up through the crowd and then exits to the right.
the boy turns and walks away to make room for his classmates.
we see someone come in view, get or give something, and return out of view two frames
the two sitting on the left first stand
we first see clouds moving over building
the person starts to pet the bird
the person wearing the furry mask goes up on stage
the first button blinks red
we see another person
she's spanking it.
blue screen with man pretending to type the whole time
bird poop or snow falls right in front at beginning of frame
there are people
a man exits the doorframe
camera zoom left as a house appears
a person is brushing the dog backside then you see the dogs face
sky is clear.
baby open mouth wide.
we can see the water.
we first fully see man in blue and yellow shirt
man to the left is first seen
the chick is now out of its egg
man in white shirt and black backpack touches his face briefly.
second propeller is shown.
the camera view turns from pink and normal colors to a sepia, yellow tone.
the camera pans up and the ceiling becomes visible for the first time.
blue computer monitor comes into view
performer moves to front of stage out of spotlight
cube goes dark 1st time
the road is visible the first time
where there is bright light in the scene.
we can see two people on the left.
the largest piece of sky is shown.
text first appears
we first see cleaning cloth
blonde lady looks to her left for the first time
we see the screen up close for the first time
the baby puts his hands on the side of the tub
the back of the blue train car is visible
we can barely see the man with the backpack
the woman with a blue shirt walks off screen
dog sits down for the first time.
truck exits to the right.
the first horse exits view
the waterfall is seen the first time
the person playing the flute is visible
the little girl in pink is seen the first time
focuses on 1 panda then 2
lights begin to flicker
camera zooms in on label
baby opens box after closing it
a single person in white walks left to right in background
head goes under then looks to right
little girl looks up
talks to us then shines light on something
object in top left first slides towards bottom.
orange colored train car can first be seen.
camera begins to pan to the left.
a person in mostly black walks towards the red vehicle.
the camera zooms in on the singing girl's face, then zooms out.
the person starts rubbing the cat's belly
we zoom in on the people touching the screen
the blue ball hits the person in the head
reporter is pointing.
talk man walks across.
petting left kittens head.
closes view of green building
person walks through frame
person on bike passes us on right
boom mic against blue sky
person wearing a brown shirt points at something
we can now see the game that the group of people are playing better
we zoom in on one of the rats
man in maroon has left arm in air, two frames
we first camera move to the right
camera first turn to the left and back to the right
the boy has his arm around his two friends.
the adult is wiping the babies back
the person is manipulating the cell phone.
full train can be seen on trestle
red ornamental thing exits frame completely
first time hand touches animal
first view of arm of plane
man in blue first appears
camera first moves right
the puppy lets go of the pink leash to visit with the camera man.
the man flaps his arms while holding torches.
the dark haired man starts talking.
we see the water splash for the first time.
man in black and women pass the man with the baby in his hand.
camera moves to the right to show man in white hoodie putting his head down.
we see white chairs for the first time.
woman with bag over head comes into view
blurry big screen comes into view
red hats exit bottom of frame
tree stops rotating.
first bolt of lightning can be seen.
boat moves towards camera for first time.
person in black shirt walks into camera frame.
blonde woman stands up.
orange object appears next to a chic.
start to see window frame
lady in dress has back to us
first time man is inverted on boulder
man in green shirt sits up quickly
zoom in on deer
first time man reaches into bag
statue exits frame
camera starts to walk twards the couple pushing baby in swing
camera pans right to show screen
a small animal going into the ground.
1st time we see the second train.
first close up of guy in white shirt.
a hand is put on top of the planter
a man's watch is shown clearly before it goes out of view and then comes back into view shortly.
the apparatus slowly turns clockwise.
train appears
pictures begin panning left
cow leaves the scene
bird moves up on branch.
slow motion.
baby is laughing.
baby starts to kick it's leg
mostly audience for entire frame
horse passes camera
baby holds hand
the little boy bends down to pick something up off the ground.
the person puts something in the baby's mouth.
fake horse appears
camera pans around to show singers
first motorcycle passes
the auctioneer begins to walk off to the right
camera pans from one bridge to another
a child in yellow walks directly in front of the crowd
the group huddles near the tree
there is no movement
man starts playing guitar
excavator is seen swiveling.
red car passes by.
child moves forward with toy.
plane (') move up out of view
two dancer are seen on stage
camea show guy at other end of table doing hand signals bu his head
big clouds instead of lots of tiny ones
grey and white cat stands up
bird comes out egg
girls stand beside each other and jump up and down.
man opens his mouth for first time.
the boat comes into view for the first time from the left.
the orange flag is not visible at all.
the cage on top of the door comes into view for the first time in the video.
the ref squats down
the girl hits the ball the first time
tram is stopped in middle of street.
lighting is cut off due to density of trees.
a person twirling a baton kneels and after doing some more twirling eventually gets back on their feet.
the taller skier crosses in front of the shorter one for the second time, and then crosses back in front of them again.
the paper is printed and placed on the right side of the frame.
we enter into a barn type building.
the person's neon green phone goes out of view briefly, then comes back into view.
two men carrying on in a very animated conversation.
shots fired
she looks out the window
a man in a grey suit walks toward the camera
the cat does not meow
people go behind rock
balls begin to move
big rock appears
the camera centers in on the room
we go from the drummer to the two violinist
in the beginning a large white ship turns and continues back the way it came
finger appears for the first time
the young girl moves hair from face
the patio's post is visible
first car passes around the bend and out of view
red car passes around the bend and out of view
dog's face is visible
person reaches out to pet snake
camera view of birds up in the sky then pans down to show rest of birds low
camera pans over right to laptop
the first cat we see falls over.
the chocolate kiss is totally blurry.
the dragon first comes into view.
the woman with braids on the left comes into view for the first time.
beginning of the video
she begins speaking
see more trees on the right
a green, a white, and another green car
only water is visible in this frame.
the man in the yellow shirt sticks a pen into the cap of a bottle.
the camera bounces around the most in this frame.
skater on right gets passed up
we are able to see the dog.
we see the foot in the water.
we can see the man in teal shirt.
girl in jeans and some red first walks passed
concert first begins
we see the girl with long wavy hair and glasses
two women practicing an ice sport.
the girl in the light blue jacket passes from right to left.
a flash of light comes into view for a split second.
a hand hold a pink flash card, then flips it to show the description on the back.
the cat looks up at the camera
the man puts the string in his mouth
person moves to side
2 people leave to right
the balding man moves slightly forward in his chair.
the inside of the red bucket is close to the camera.
the little boy gets up from his chair.
the baby quickly sticks his tongue out the first time.
woman points at box.
skier is past the camera.
someone walks in front of the camera from the right to left
they begin doing karate
a sleepy baby wearing a hat, waves at the camera.
a young ginger kid watching a gymnasts routine.
the stuffed tan dog shakes its head back and forth rapidly.
the woman quickly hugs r2d2.
beater is offered to little girl for the first time
first view of the dark gray chicken
man stands up straight for first time
the ducks come into view
first time one of the dancers shakes a stick in the air
first time the llama bends down to nibble on something
boy picks up toy
hand scratches dog's head
man shakes head with thing in his mouth
the girl flips up a page and then turns it.
a large tree appears on the right.
fireworks shoot in the air for the first time and then go out.
the ship on the tablet spins around and then fades to another light blue screen.
the man wearing a blue shirt bends down for first time
the drummer exits view for a moment
the cat starts to drink its milk
the baby opens his mouth the first time
the person wearing blue is visible for the first time
the umbrella is seen
the middle scene
the man carrying what seems like a drum runs past the float.
one of the men gets up and walks into the crowd.
the child in the yellow shirt points at the other child in the yellow shirt.
the text disappears from the screen.
woman blows out candles
man in the middle walks to left a little
lights on stage first begin flashing
bikes first pass
camera first zooms up to man
woman first touches her side/hip
the yellow wall is no longer visible as the camera pans left.
the tiny pupper gives the man kisses.
only the bird and green foliage are visible at the beginning of the video.
the yellow structure on the right of the frame goes out of view for the first time in the video.
camera first zooms in
third person first appears
camera first moves to the right
person in front of stage walks left
person comes into view
man in black shirt reaches into pocket
person begins cranking the machine
camera zooms in on turtles
the deck exits view for the first time
the blue lights on stage are now visible
the people are visible for the first time
the dog flips the bottle over
the lady's hand is seen for the first time
the snowboarder wearing blue comes into view
someone knocks a balloon in the air for the first time
first time a girl is seen clapping
camera pans down
at the end the camera moves the most
we first see full length of wing
first flashes are seen
camera first zooms in
girl with ponytail turns around.
water goes almost completely down for first time.
little chick comes towards camera looks like it pecks it.
first time camera slows motion
the man is dancing really low to the ground
the tv exits view
a man wearing a red sweat jacket first comes into view
child closes book for first time.
woman moves backwards and begins dancing.
bikers pass two people on side of road.
the baby begins to wiggle
pink wall comes into view
the person seems to gesture or touch their head
dancing facing forward
a big dark blue fish passes at the end
the tree's green top completely disappears as the man climbs down the tree.
the concrete pillar on the side of the bridge comes into view as the camera pans left.
none of the cheering crowd on the dock is visible in these frames.
the pitcher throws the ball
the dog runs toward the camera
the parrot is bobbing its head up and down
the side of the mountain is no longer in view
water comes into view
first time person leaves frame
frame starts on man in jacket
camera zooms in on flames.
camera pans south for first time.
red train car comes into view.
the top of the tree disappears
the pathway on top of the dam is visible
the first horse exits view
the blue signs are visible
red 18-wheeler disappears from view bottom right
guy on far left first grabs the mic
long black hair comes into view
r2 spins around for first time
woman starts to raise hand
camera zooms in
backup singers are shown
police car drives around corner
girl leading a pig comes into view
tall building with round top comes into view
a fire makes an interesting shape
a woman surprises a man with hug
a smiling standing baby sneezes
trolley leaves camera view right
riding through trees and sunlight gets blocked
man places paper on machine for the first time
damaged us flag sticker is visible
toddler drops something in persons hand for the first time
toddler throws something on the ground
man spins around and picks up sign
two people walk by on the left side of frame for a split second
red lights flashing
person in blue shirt walks by
flags lifts out of the way
small body of water passes by
patrick sits up
the feet of a person are visible underneath the rusty tractor.
the face of the baby's mother first comes into view.
man in white shirt switches with man in dark suit.
woman looks to the right while petting animal.
steam engine leaving view
man turns and walks off
lady flips her hair ' a fan come on'
from black to a lighted scene
big truck makes it through the entrance of the lot
camera shows the black car driving away after passing the house
someone's head passes by the frame.
the children turn and face the camera for the first time.
we see mostly trees in background.
singer on left screen.
batter facing camera.
the camera comes closest to the baby, and the baby waves.
the snake is briefly not visible at all, only the floor of its habitat.
the bridge across the river first comes into view as the camera pans to the left.
the camera zooms in on the baby in the brown sweatshirt and brown bouncy chair.
person in chair points
camera pans slightly right
robot starts to move
camera pans right
little girl stands up
pans out to water
a car stopped behind a white car at a traffic stop in on an overcast day.
person in black starts to twirl two sticks around.
the first time the hand pulls away from feeding the baby.
person in white walks through frame
guitarist stands up straight again
a video of soccer in a class room.
girl claps for first time
boy folds paper in half
camera scans down
woman picks something up
red car drives past on the left.
child's head disappears.
lady in blue is now wearing a hat.
monkey drops
contraption comes closer
blue trashcan fist seen
angle zooms so the entire 'dont panic' is shown in one frame
camera shifts above to show a fish swimming right above
small boat is seen going from right to left fast and is out of view in same clip
cat kisses man.
man exits on the right.
cars take off down slide.
a hand is shown.
first time baby moves arms up and down.
the end of the train is seen in the light
kitty peeks back into tunnel toy
child sticks hands through rail
bird comes fully into view for first time
move in for closer look at blue can
man in hat waggles finger
a skier going past the camera.
a person trying to fit a motorcycle in a truck.
the purple lense flare is visible in these frames.
there are no fireworks in the sky for the large majority of this frame.
the stage turns from purple to red.
clip changes from lake view to close up of dock
man in red hoodie is seen between the couple in background
camera zooms back out
a white car passes on our left
one tree is standing alone to the left of the water tower.
the person looks up and to our right.
the completely red car passes us from left to right.
woman in blue-green outfit is seen talking on phone.
person waves towards the right of the frame.
crain moves to right
person runs past
he stretches out snake
baby is leaning on ledge.
we see a persons arm on the left.
hiker at the top.
man in black shirt walks off on left.
train cars start to move
person slides under a red flag
cat jumps forward at person hand
guy in black walks down out of view and guy in white walks to right
camera shows label
camera shows crowd
balding man in black shirt is seen adjusting his seating position.
we see only the inside of the red bucket.
child stands up.
baby bring their hand up to side of face.
the person with the video camera puts it down and then lifts it up again.
bird first lands in the water
animals are first seen running next to porch
goose/duck is first seen on fence
person with backpack steps backward a full step.
man begins talking.
camera moves closer to the cat.
the cat pounces on the laser.
the man in the green shirt puts his hand on the man with the blue shirt's shoulder.
camera zooms in
camera moves and land goes out of picture.
group raises hands during dance.
man moves his hand
cat looks at camera.
man adds piece to the string.
we can see the brick wall.
the elephant at the bottom has now reached his friends
the man playing the banjo leans in to the guitarist
the particles are purple
two men wearing white shirts walks into view
the girl in the yellow shirt looks into the window
snail eats worm text is visible
first square moves
engine leaves the frame
baby sticks out tongue
about to feed baby
yellow flag disappears
baby trying to open door
waterfall comes into view
no people in frame
cat is sitting on desk
people start going to right
can't see person in blue
someone feeds child with a yellow spoon
luskville caves appears
riders zoom by
gentleman in red shirt backs up away from crowd.
man in bright white pants sprints towards the other combatants.
baby moves arms.
lady in white walks by
the green bird turns around and faces the other way near the end of the video.
the two animals are walking towards each other from opposite directions before they pass.
cat bats at toy for first time.
back of person's head comes into frame for first time.
woman in purple shirt rotates the cake around.
the kid in the red and black striped shirt passes the camera from left to right.
text is briefly visible at the beginning of the shot.
a dirt cloud appears while the car speeds past the crowd.
a small boy playing with a toy plane.
focus on guy singing
lady walks past
band first begins to play
turtles at its closest, two frames
camera first moves to the right
all of the skaters start to go
they stop playing ping pong for a moment and then the person in red serves
we can see the person's face that is playing the guitar
slow motion begins
the person in the blue shirts starts moving his arms and doesn't stop.
the person on top flips upside down.
the woman briefly flips her guitar towards her and looks at it.
we can now see bright sunlight
the face of the man wearing blue exits view
a small prototype for a car.
first time woman steps out of frame
first time pzs can be seen
woman in purple kimono comes into view
the seal gets the bright sun on his nose
candle flame comes into focus for first time.
first time more flies are seen landing on dead bird.
camera pans to the left and stops.
two yellow alternating lights can be seen.
person in black pants begins walking away.
woman moves to other side of man.
a man seasoning a bowl of food thoroughly and properly
person pokes hole in sand
a third persons hand is visible
person in wheelchair is shown
man leans in close to the camera for the first time
the flame is completely blurry in these frames.
man walks to camera
camera zooms in and out
first turn is made
man throws something
guy in back put something around the other one.
red head puts pencil in cup.
we see a person on the left.
lady pushes her hair behind ears.
horse turns left.
a large machine that looks like it's a tape recorder with lights.
animal looks at camera and runs away
animal first comes into view
man in front gets up and dashes off the right
woman turns around and faces away from the camera for the first time
white car passes behind the woman
the boy that was on his knees jumps up.
the bald man in the frond row touches his head.
boy hits other side and bounces before sliding backwards
everyone stops circling and turns to the middle to bow
view is a bit blurry
singer raises right arm then spins around
we see gray haired woman in sunglasses.
we can see the lights o the far right wall.
we are able to see the people on the deck.
we can see the lady sitting on the ground.
someone enters the stage and people start pumping their arms in the air.
the jar is shaken around and 'hi i'm billy' is clearly seen
largest amount of grass is shown
man throws the animal down
last fireworks go off
ice cream isn't visible
grass leaves the scene
bikers go down a hill
camera pans right
kids arrive on bikes
person dressed in black walks on to the screen.
women dancing goes down.
something trying to grab a cat's tail.
we can see part of someones arm on the left for a second.
there is almost no water in this shot.
a man in a white shirt walks across the stage.
you see a glimpse of red.
an old man preparing food.
first time people bow to floor
white canopy comes into view
first time black dot drops out of view in bottom of aquarium
man scratches corner of left eye
first time dog runs out of room and back in
first time we see another vehicle
at the end the waves seem more prominent
1st camera flash
hand is removed.
child grabs two hands of sand.
writing appears.
the boy first swings past the camera.
a women in blue walks clockwise around the table.
the camera is blurry for the whole frame.
the singer kicks his leg.
man begins to point with his whole hand
red truck exits to the right
we can see the 2nd hand.
we can see the stairs.
ferris wheel can be seen in the distance
camera starts to turn before video ends
laser beam sun enters frame right
engine passes camera.
head passes by camera.
lights are solid blue.
the boy first blows into the harmonica.
the camera starts panning to the left.
the camera first goes under water.
woman starts talking
getting a slightly closer look at the turtle
lights strobe a little
the man begins to kiss the baby.
the person begins to spin the bike.
the camera zooms in on people with costume.
kid with glasses that is playing his video game looks at the camera
first man in chair stands up
person wearing green holding a yellow sign walks by
person holding a pink sign is visible
hand pointing from upper left is visible
large bug suit bends over for the first time
large bug suit bends over further in the crowd for the second time
we can see most of the small building
camera first begins to move right
cat first begins to lick itself
black hog is in frame
first flashes are seen
cameraman walks around man in front of him
shark swims in closely in front of the camera and goes out of view
man with sunglasses is visible
light dims as camera is pointed towards the sun
two children ride into the room on their toy cars for the first time
dancers meet in the middle at the start of the routine
dancers start spinning in circles
video transitions to dangling food for a tiger
cameraman turns camera towards his own face and starts talking
audience is seen photographing or videotaping as horses and jockeys pass by.
boy inspects chain of swing.
we see a man with a flag on his back.
we see a bus driver under a bridge.
first fierwork
woman in blue sips drink
girl in purple top turns around first time
when video first zooms in on the girl.
when guy first sits down on the chair.
when door to the car shuts close.
when camera slowly zooms in three times on the band.
woman raiser her arm full for the second time
we first see a cluster of balloons
second red object enters view
the flags aren't visible.
the waterfall comes into view.
last view of the person with the yellow jacket.
gyser first erupts
geyser explodes into a plume of smoke in the sky
camera flips around
lion looks at ball
when the sky train enters the receiving depot.
when camera briefly shows the purple light on the ceiling.
when treeline on the right gives way to a more open terrain.
mom first walk in with puppies
second wave hits rocks
boy on couch first looks to our left
mother dog first walks into the crib
mother dog leaves the crib
person on couch stands up
the camera starts panning to the right.
you first see the big sign that say's 'bbk.'
the green light turns orange.
moment girl thrusts black sphere upwards.
moment baby puts the cloth over her mouth and nose.
girl playing dulcimer comes into view
man starts to sit, then stand and starts to walk away
truck is farthest away
woman in black is swinging her arm out in front
blond woman is playing with her hair
woman in blue puts cup to her mouth
girls wave at cameraman
girl stares at cameraman briefly before making way for him
two people walk towards the blue building
a man holding up a magazine.
dog darts toward house
small fish is briefly seen on bottom of tank
first time we see any of the audience
first time we see the water
someone holding up two fingers behind a person.
car drifts around corner
when camera leaves the angel on top of the christmas tree.
when the dim white light is first shown in the background.
when the cat first goes under the plastic.
when a man with a headlight starts coming into view from the left.
red blob is visible in these frames
camera first zooms in
camera first zooms out
second skier enters the frame
frame begins with bald head being well lit
vertical artifact moves across frame
video on big screen changes to closeup of guitar
zombie bride leans in toward camera
headlights are visible for the first time
people shake hands
leash gets shaken
kid touches toy
ceiling appears
a child's face on the screen
man in blue shirt passes.
a toy with lights flashing can be seen momentarily
woman on left steps backwards
woman on left steps forward
an elevator goes past a floor for the first time
the man in back grabs his glasses.
the camera man starts rotating to the left.
everyone bows for first prayer
first time seeing white tent
the camera zooms in on train moving.
first time colorful lights come on
first time we see the rainbow
first time the boy throws the ball
the train just approaches then passes the camera.
someone's head passes in front of the camera and the person sits.
the camera zooms in to the band.
the camera stops seeing the strobe lights.
deer eats off the hand of women for the first time.
camera focus to show a face in the rocks with tongue coming out of the mouth.
a woman in a blue dress plays keyboard
a yellow taxi cab is visible
firework is fired and explodes in the dark sky
a dog is visible briefly
man in backwards cap and white tank is visible
cameraman walks past the last large tree
stage lights brighten significantly for the first time, briefly blinding the camera
red lights come in
person in red shirt moves behind band.
person splashes into water.
when kid first starts playing the guitar.
when the girl in the middle stops dancing.
from a woman's back to a man playing guitar
something appears on right side of view briefly
mans black jacket first flaps in the wind
when paper towl is first shown to us.
when two birds are first shown flying off.
when camera guy goes up to the guy playing in the pink shirt.
a black dog pulling at a toy.
a child with a guitar smiles
man turns the camera on.
man takes a couple steps to his right.
first bright light passes.
moment flag drastically picks up.
moment light from window first nudges into the bottom of the screen.
moment island first comes into view.
man in middle is given bunny ears
second cast is thrown
girl walks behind crowd
the screen first changes
camera first moves to the left
the two men in red walk over to where the smoke is coming out.
you first see a man's blues jeans.
the camera moves up to where people are walking by.
flassing flickering lights start
the car disappears from the screen
see the very top of the tree for the first time
man in orange only moves stick at the very end of clip
camera first moves to the right
child first grabs the wheel
woman swing for the second time
something reaches for the cat in the windows tale for the first time
someone first stands to take a picture
green bushes wiggle the most in these two frames
first trailer crosses the creek
first time we see the child riding bicycle
first time we see child raise leaf
a shadow walks in front of the camera.
the baby first sticks it's tongue out.
we enter tunnel on the left
woman in black comes into view from the left
the camera view starts back a bit then zooms in.
the camera spins to the left suddenly.
a woman in purple comes from behind.
camera first begins to move upwards
two people first walk into the frame
a shadow moves over the contraption
first time man in black exits the frame
the person is closest to the camera
blue comes into view
boat passes a buoy
frame transitions from skyscraper to cathedral
from black to colorful thing
when the baby slightly smiles for the second time.
when both cats stand on their feet.
when the black cat first breaks the headlock.
when the christmas tree fully leaves the scene.
moment guy with black sunglasses is shown on the left.
the man in the hat lift up his hand towards his face.
you first see a car drive by down in the street.
a lady in a white shirt starts clapping.
the camera first zooms in.
changes to baby.
lioness walks off.
zoom out from white structures
first time we see the waterfall
man in yellow shirt leaves the frame
1st bike passes us.
we see under the jet.
we see the horn section on the screen
man in back stands up
man in back walks out of view
person touches the record for the first time.
screen changes.
we briefly see the crowd below the stairs.
we see the circles in the snow.
mostly red swirling thing.
person in black at the table walks off.
hands reappear on the screen a second time.
people pull material out.
sun can be seen
the jar is shaken for a second time
person in background begins to stand up
bubbles enter from the right
man turns to his right
camera pans to the right to show asian women.
second woman turns
we first see parts of a structure
man's bald head is visible
weird car begins to move
the camera turns to the side for the first time
first time we see the screen on the dash
girl in pink comes into view
most water visible
the baby puts a towel behind it's head.
the dj repeatedly spins the turntable on the bottom left.
camera pans away from record player to something else and goes back to record player
creature crawls into the water hole
cameraman's hands are briefly in view
man in tie touches laptop for the first time
man first turns
ending of the group of red fireworks
camera first zooms in
leader passes first in orange shirt
dogs are no longer in the view of the camera.
man to left steps forward.
people hopping in sync on large poles on the water..
frame ends with driver's right thumb sticking out
child raises right hand
diver comes into view behind fish
person starts picking at the pinkie finger
first see animal behind the hill
boy falls off the scooter
a foggy lake.
finger on the left second time.
we see a persons knee.
bear licks tree trunk
the glass is first visible.
the light on stage stops blinking.
person dressed in black runs in
first time we see the big screen
white van crosses the intersection
the baby lifts all arms and legs of the matt at wiggles.
the arms of the windmill all link up to look like three instead of six.
boy runs in front of television.
man turns on end of the runway.
brown haired boy isn't visible.
man is holding the rope.
kid claps his hands.
man in red pants comes into view
when area with umbrellas is first shown.
when river is first barely shown on the upper parts of the screen.
moment camera device first looks down.
camera zooms out to show swans swimming.
we see the back of the huge balloon man.
shadows first appear on the stone structures.
the men starts moving the sticks up and down.
you see a red light blink.
you first see the horizon.
the camera goes through the mans legs for the first time.
the baby leans back then forward towards the grandpa.
light appears to fill the tower
woman comes into view
the camera passes under a man's legs.
the camera pans to show much of the water.
the baby bends backwards excitedly.
machine first turns towards our right
second woman first appears
we see the man in blue for the first time
first time google is readable
person wearing purple climbs down from stage
woman in yellow bends down
camera first zooms in closer
woman in white first waves
a leopard inside a cardboard box.
a panorama of the beautiful mountains.
cameraman walks towards the fountain and zooms in
woman sitting looks at the cameraman
ceiling fan is visibly spinning
cat turns around
man first puts hands on hips
camera pans to the left for the first time
a person being filmed in the dark.
baby back towards camera bends down then other baby pick up red ball
baby with red ball slips slightly while walking away
outdoor porch fades away then trees full of snow appear.
brown dog closest to camera
first time we can see the folding chair
zoom in on three dots climbing a ladder
angel comes close to camera
man leaves the scene
the person appears.
the baby puts her left hand to her mouth.
the plane passes overhead.
a woman taking pictures in the dark.
a person spinning a knob on a record player.
a little boy hopping near the water.
moment when boy first starts bobbing up and down fast.
moment camera first fully moves to the right once.
moment guy on the right by rock ledge first comes into view.
when baby is shown freaking out.
when the orange sky is first shown.
moment clerk in white shirt disappears.
when man in white in center first looks to his right with hand over his eyes.
camera zooms in on hanging things
camera looks down then up
the sky-lift starts moving up.
when camera goes away from the guy in the red shirt.
the moment the red buoy is in the center of the scene.
when the scene first transitions to the grand arch gateway.
when the black screen first shows the show.
the camera zooms in to the woman playing a violin.
removes towel the first time.
man on the right walks to the back.
bending man stands
blue light boom box comes into view
zoom in on dock and crowd
girl starts talking
the most land is showing.
the boys on bikes are at their closest to the camera.
two people are standing at the far right.
the boy being pulled by the string passes right in front o the camrea.
camera pans right to show the full crowd
man walks out of the area by the stairs at the beginning
person runs across the floor before stopping and turning around
green light disappears
blue light takes over all
light is travelling along the tower
wings sprout out from silhouette for the first time
person on right begins to use fork to mash down food in pan
person on right takes off lid from other pan before putting it back on
man comes into view
first time we soldiers march in unison
control tower comes into view
3 people run past cameraman
man make a cutting motion towards the screen
when video first starts panning to the right.
when the snowy tops of the apartments are first shown.
when the door first reveals it self.
first flashes
ball lift as it spins
squirrel/animal runs off
we first see bright light completely
yellow/orange bus stops while traffic around continues
in the last frame the large item is opposite of the first frame
the sled slides out of view.
the boy in blue first picks up a soccer ball.
you first see people with drums.
the man first jumps off the platform.
you first see the eye's of the girl in the green shirt.
the first animal stops walking and the second animal starts.
when the railing on the left of the stairs is first shown.
when the color filter in the video changes back to normal.
when the video pans over from a duck to the metal object in the water.
the person picks glue off of their middle finger.
the lady touches her face.
the lines on screen first begin to appear.
the camera stops panning to the left and begins to pan to the right
the man looks up at women.
screen fades from black.
the stroller passes by.
girl first blinks.
the cat that was lying down jumps up.
the camera moves back to the christmas tree.
man spit out a lot liquid after drinking
someone walks in and grabs the mans cup
man coughs after first sip
a large rocky outcropping is visible on the left
person wearing light blue is visible
man in pink turns to face the camera before he leaves the view
when camera zooms out to show the cooks.
when camera fades from black to a scene of a man walking across a rope.
lecturer changes slide
car passes an intersecting street
first time we pass a white structure
first time a man bends over into the frame
the cube is revealed
man in suspenders goes off screen.
person lets go of the ball.
camera pans left slightly and slowly, two farmes
man in orange hat turns and leaves view
screen changes from person with dark hair to something differnt
the bike reverses.
the monkey jumps to the ground.
the camera fixes in on a screen in the car.
small rock island has started to exit frame right
child throws smiley balloon into the air
white square exits frame left
wings first appear
the second lid is off
some kisses the babies belly
persons legs first move
camera first zooms in
cat begins swatting
street comes into view
camera first zooms out
we see a cluster of bluish lights top left
woman fires first arrow
man draws bow
both are no longer visible in camera at the end
man on stage puts his right hand out for a moment
the engine of the train passes us.
lady next to tree is hitting her leg.
zoom on tree trunk.
a crane removing gravel from a boat.
we see the american flag
camera first pans to the right
we first see a second duck
orange and blue graffiti.
lady lifts skirt with both hands.
kayak is stuck in the rapids.
children enlarge the first set of objects on screen
construction worker on hill is visible
excavator picks up claw and moves left before putting it down again
a white bowl is visible
person by wall throws basketball towards the middle
kid misses ball and falls into the wall
person with back pack first stands up
grass only in this frame
camera zooms out away from top of object
camera flash goes off.
flag is on the right side of the screen.
screen goes from the sky to the road.
the camera zooms in on the baby as the baby faces the camera.
the man walks between the two men sitting down.
first car drifts around turn
person stands in bottom left corner and runs out of frame
two black things at top of video can not be seen in this frame
darkest in this frame
person gets up and walks a little before kneeling down
the paved trail isn't visible.
the brush goes off the screen.
two people pass in the background
camera starts to pan left again
kid in blue hits the ball and runs
three kids run pass girls.
man moves his hands for the first time.
smoke first appears.
color goes back to pink.
zoom in on the animal hopping.
bending man stands.
man in red holds sign to camera.
the front of the train passes the camera.
man starts to play the guitar fast.
the camera zooms in on the tree as its moving.
camera pans away from visibly moving food
fade in from black to man performing on tightrope
person runs in front of plane waving his hands
car passes by.
puppy is introduced.
1 person's head right in front of the camera disappears from view
a small waterfall is visible
man's forehead is visible
girl disappears behind the wall
man walking in forest comes to a stop
the words field hospital are clearly visible
person in blue with backpack walks in front of camera
only creature's finger on screen is visible
creatures body disappears leaving behind hands
when the engine in the rocket first ignites.
when a flashing blue light is first seen in the sequence.
when the crane first sharply turns to the left.
when the direction sign over the escalator is first shown.
girl lifts her head for the first time
balcony door is visible
second dog enters the area
design on the stage doesn't change shading
first set of pink/red fireworks are seen
first time the camera moves to the right
first time baby laughs
first time woman slides to her left while tap dancing
first time child stands
first time green lights dim
dog runs passed the pink toy the first time
camera first zooms in
dice are rolled for the second time
cat looks up for the first time
girl starts making gestures with her hands
person in red kicks and scores a goal
when the fist pumping hand rises then completely falls off the screen for the first time.
when the clouds completely dissipate for a second.
when camera first zooms in on man in the small bike.
when camera to the left first slowly starts panning onto the screen from the left.
camera zooms out of the roof and trees.
the camera pans up to show white and blue lines moving.
man walks pass the train.
moment guy standing up in audience moves off screen to the right.
moment when girl in pink with hands over mouth leaves the screen.
moment the two striped animals first engage each other.
when dog with white tipped tail is in the process of passing the father.
when the camera zooms in.
when the small black dog first runs away from the bigger blonde dog.
we see a man holding a camera.
the yellow taxi passes the camera.
the double yellow lines disappear first time.
we see and pass the first animal.
a chef sprinkles some flour.
dog first runs away
child first points
man first walks up the stairs
people in dark jackets are standing on the screen.
boy is waving an orange flag.
camera flash.
cat scratches himself
we can see a big black hog.
ladies spin
hill in the back is in the shadow.
they stop playing and raise their arms.
we see people running up a hill.
child scratches back with rake.
lady scratching head.
man in white shirt exits frame right
girl in pink raises her hands to her mouth in surprise
2nd lemur enters frame and tackles the first
first time child talks to camera
tail flops down
the first snowboarder comes into view
the work google is finally visible.
a kid in purple climbs under the ropes.
camera first zooms in on animal
the square in the middle in poked for the second time
we first zoom in on stage
animal first leaves the view for just a moment
in first frame it looks like hummingbirds flying around feeder
camera first wiggles
person in red shirt first stands up
people walk passed view
camera first moves to the right
a worker moving a metal object over a disabled sign.
a black dog turns and barks
the colors change
a steam train at a station.
finger covering lens moves
fox jumps up into human's arms
only frame that doesnt start with an already formed explosion
bird's snack is not shown
lights flashing at a concert.
a boy holding a ball and almost slipping.
the dog walks towards the camera and under it out to not be seen any longer.
green grass and plants first appear.
the black dog is seen by himself for a second.
kid in hat touches his mouth
first time man in black steps from fenced area onto field
the lit boat disappears from view
a monkey comes in from the right for the first time
one vehicle passes by on the left side of the screen
camera zooms in on a swan-like looking thing on the bed then zooms out
man tilts his head slightly and starts talking for the first time
woman to left of horse steps over white poles on ground
one other diver is visible for the first time
orange and teal shapes are closer to the top of the scene.
a girl with a brown tank top touches the lizard.
the runners come cloce to then pass b the camera.
the boy has the rake back behind his neck.
the girl scratches her head.
the cat first lift's it's head.
the girl first gives a thumbs up.
a goal is scored.
man covers face with hand
black thing on bottom of screen.
we see the person in the blue shirt and white hat.
creature begins to crawl on mans hand.
dogs begin to pull the rope.
people walking along a railing.
a baby smiling at an event.
we first see a dog
woman with backpack first turns around
the hand presses buttons.
we return to record player
a bug crawls in the hole.
child first scratches his elbow
camera first looks downward
no one in these frames
person reappears in the frame.
kid gets off her knees.
when the two front drummers first switch positions.
when the crane closer to the camera first scratches himself.
when the guitar player first starts strumming with the hand on the viewers left side.
first time dog looks up at camera
adult hand on baby's stomach can be briefly seen at start of frame
boy touches top of kinex sculpture with right hand
top of a head walks through frame
feet first walk through frame
camera starts to pan left for firt time
camera zooms in to pulsing lights
boat exits frame right
first one to the top
first car enters frame from the left
a stick is used to prod the center square and it starts to vibrate violently
man with microphone takes a step back and turns around
man with microphone crosses legs and turns towards person with hula hoop
rodent moves up against a gold colored object on the left
first time walks through fram
extreme closeup
man puts hand up near his face for the first time
person on the overlook disappears from view
adult first kicks soccer ball
bright light comes into view on left
first big bus exits frame from bottom
when lighting is first seen in the clouds.
when woman with the yellow shirt first appears on edge of screen on the right.
when recorder first slows down the record.
when video pans out from the two dancers in white.
a dog is facing the right with his head on the ground.
there is some kind of wall on the left.
the camera zooms out quickly so we see the audience.
we see a bird flying across some water.
when camera moves to the left tunnel and begins traveling down it.
when person with the red patch on their left arm first appears on the left side.
when green ride first falls downwards.
a person first appears.
the camera zoom in a little.
the dog starts running away.
the lady slightly looks away.
the ornate ceiling of a restaurant.
pass by a white and black sign.
woman puts menu down.
wire is in front of the camera.
bath toys aren't visible.
the shadow returns to lower left corner.
screen changes to white.
crowd claps
man put hands up
boy on the left crouches for the first time
we first see the water rushing past the bird
girl looks to her left and then down
man first puts his hand out
we see the top for the first time
performer walks to edge of stage
steam from the locomotive is visible
large groups of people crossing a street.
a baby kicking its legs and feet on the ground.
camera pans to a single woman in yellow
wheels first move
we first see hands clapping
almost none of the road is seen here.
a little baby looks to the side to find the brush.
man's hands aren't in the air.
man walks off the steps.
a child runs to an adult and turns around.
a dog running into the water.
we see the man in the blue shirt
the camera zooms out
baby claps hands for the first time
girl is facing forward
woman comes into view
wheels turn toward hands
hands clap
hikers come into view
the camera shows the rope clipped on a chain for the first time.
the cat gets touched for the first time
in these frames we see someone in white pants
object in water is at its closest
camera first zooms out
woman's backside for the second time, two frames
first time blue lights sweep across audience
big boat comes into view
informational kiosk comes into view for first time
cat first grabs toy
lights first begin to flash
woman in blue spins
we pass a bike and cart
the cat comes close to the camera then turns around.
two people walk in from the right.
some kind of curved yellow object is showing.
girl pretends to take a bit of food while looking at camera
circular magnet on the right side hits the top then the bottom
person talking spins around for the first time
the most prominent camera flash is seen around the middle left
the truck is not visible.
man on lower left sits up.
waiter walks from right to left.
screen turns black
the boy in the white shirt get's off his toy car.
you first see lightning light up the entire sky.
the dancers start kicking there legs at the same time.
the man with sunglasses first appears.
white thing rises suddenly from stage
a camera flashes.
we can see a flagpole.
we drive through an intersection.
camera is first moved to a relatively stable position
man with backpack walks away from the incoming waves
baby takes first bite
baby claps for first time
a cat grabbing a yellow toy.
boy begins to talk.
camera zooms in on door open.
forklift tries to lift camera
geyser erupts
man in white tshirt approaches woman from behind
boy in blue plaid raises arms above his head
camera remains the most steady
person appears
hands touch the vinyl disk for the first time.
man in white begins to bobble head to the left.
camera moves inside room with pool in it.
girl riding bike with training wheels leaves camera view
stage lights up blue revealing guitarist
something (not clouds) appears on the right side of the view for a split second
man in blue points at something on the piano
baby touches the knee of girl in pink pants
camera first zooms in on people singing and clapping
camera first pans to the left
woman in orange turns to face woman in black
the camera pans to show the sky between two peaks.
the boy picks up the ball from the chair.
crane first begins to move
we first see a navy blue umbrella
someone else first appear on the left
camera passes blue and white sign.
women moves the book closer to her.
person bends behind desk
sea horses swim past camera
door opens
camera first moves to the left just slightly
camera first begins to move right
camera first zooms in
screen goes from blue to white
second person on stage first walks closer
man in black suit first moves left arm
blue light turns red
dog grabs toy
the scene turns so that the trees point to the left.
the second truck starts crossing the river.
the little girl on the bike first turns around.
a boy first lifts a green object.
fish moving under the water.
two birds fly away
marimba players start to play
building changes color
face appears on building
words appear on building
moment camera first fully shows the house in the distance.
moment lady first moves her left hand.
moment guy with black shades moves shades to top of forehead.
moment guy in white stops holding hands together over the mic.
you first see a man in a bright green shirt.
you first see a turtle swimming.
the baby briefly takes out his tongue.
all the people first jump on a different pole.
red/orange flag blows at its highest the longest
once camera begins to move, first time we see land
zoom in on cygnets
inflatable muscleman exits frame left
water spinning under a frozen floor.
man with a black bag and jeans is visible
small striped fish are clearly seen
lead performer raises his fist into the air
lead singer puts both of his arms out for the first time
the girl on the right makes the paper large.
we can see the man on the high ledge on left.
we see a white bowl on the counter
the ball is thrown across the court.
first two horses pass the cameraman
woman holds her camera with her arms outstretched
baby is noticeably swinging
baby holds twig with both hands momentarily
a boat is at its closest to the camera
machine uses its arm to pull itself forward
blue can be seen on the wall in the distance
girl drops green toy to floor
person in white faces the camera.
person in blue shirt is seen for first time.
people aren't seen.
man in red shirt holding a manilla folder can be seen
camera first pans upward
camera first zooms in
we first see pink top
when diver is first shown swimming up from the lower parts.
when the bright color of the video finally goes away.
slide where the people train first stop.
person swings out
first time the girls spin
first time the light above the door in the distance pulses
black car passes the white car.
the camera slowly pans downwards.
the girl in pink is no longer in the clip.
man turns to his left
first big blue firework
white and red run onto field for first time
when little girl finally lets go of the cats head.
the elephant starts out zoomed in, then zooms out.
the scene takes on a yellowish cast.
man in blue taps sticks the fastest.
camera moves quickly to the right.
first time we see a puff of smoke from the engine
children start slapping their tables
we pass a white post
big silver fish dominates these frames
the boy on the couch starts spinning his arms around and around.
the model spins around and starts walking back from the catwalk.
the lady in the white sweater takes her hand off the pole and scratches her nose.
the man scratches his head.
kid walks then turns around
smoke comes out plane.
people begin to clap.
camera man begins to walk which shakes the camera.
we pass the 2nd fork in the road.
adult gives baby a book.
bird opens it's wings.
little car come back up to camera
the spout first explodes
the person flashes the peace sign quickly
girl in pink pants first begins to move
when the view is closest to the colorful lights
someone in red standing on table
black car appears
man takes off glasses
camera zooms in
the father walks down the pool stairs with the girl.
smooth white snow is shown and almost nothing else.
a flashing, flickering light shows a man's silhouette.
person comes into view on trail
information plaques comes into view
person in bright blue shirt walks through frame
monitor changes to displaying nearly nothing
lines appear on screen for first time.
most clouds are visible.
man takes a drink.
when video first shows the drummer in the back.
a ton of bikes suddenly go zooming by.
the big dog gets a pat on the head.
bee first initially tries to run away from white shell past the black rock.
dog first runs off to catch the ball.
little girl gets off the chair behind drum.
when they first show the man on the toilet.
lights blink for the first time.
people hop backwards.
black car passes by.
white animals are seen for the first time.
a moving google logo.
guy in green shirt walks pass women.
man dressed in whit gets off chair well another man dressed in grey passes the camera
people with american flag and other signs begin to walk pass the camera.
hand appears on screen from the top corner and begins to point.
camera zooms in on the big bug costume walking through the crowd.
camera passes green screen.
screen goes from black to show a box.
white pole comes into view
first time boy with glasses looks into camera
no part of the candles from the cake can be seen in these two frames
we see a pink thing on the floor first time.
driving through dark tunnel.
cameraman rolls dice.
when man puts all the torches in his left hand and waves with his right hand.
when the darkness fully engulfs the grassland north of the plant field.
leaves are visible
highest part of the bridge is in the center of the scene
blond boy stands up
red wall is shown
woman stops spinning
the man turns his head up.
a woman in green runs across screen
child meows
the most lens is seen
drummers come into view on big screen
first time blue spotlights pulse
the blanket gets put back on the baby for the first time.
the circles start to form the words google.
baby turns away from camera.
lady in rear leaves.
the camera first starts moving to the right.
the man in the back takes his hand off the wall.
guy in light colored shorts hits the red ball backwards.
the child stands in the closet talking.
people begin swooping the sticks.
light changes colors
we see lots of foam.
three people are in the picture.
people thrust their hips.
people come into view
we see the white umbrellas on the patio.
long metal thing on lower right.
the person on stage brings their arms apart and then back together
the scene cuts to a bird in a tree
a person in a blue shirt is seen watching the performance
we almost reach the green light
camera turns on its side
first time a finger presses a button
woman first turn away from the table
girl on our left first splashes the other
man takes hand off hip for first time
baby sticks out tongue a little
camera passes orange car coming off in between street
the boy shakes his head.
the diver swims away from the turtle.
the man turns with his back facing the camera.
we first see a guy pop out from behind a couch
camera first begins to pan to the right
man first looks forward
tan and white falls backwards
we first see the goat
man disappears from view
hands wildly clapping at bottom center of shot of the field
man comes into view on the left painting over the graffiti
view of two people dancing turns to the left to two people singing with microphones
camera pans up the wind blown tree
the person sitting down is seen the first time
person lets go of baby's hands the first time
there are circles in the snow
the device starts going up the first time
toddler in pink walks in
toddler grabs ropelike object from chair
dog is no longer paying attention to the bowl
dog pull his face out of bowl for the first time
white car passes by
first time we see people on the left
camera pans left to show a kid
first time camera zooms in
man shows the word hope on his instrument
kid is moving only her fingers and not her arms
man with pole turns it and runs off
man on left in water dives under
the kitty runs down the stairs.
the boy falls over.
the man with the tie leans over.
someone is sticking their finger in his ear
the hand squishes the melting bird
she is cutting tomatoes
the moment the lady in pink touches the other lady's dress
someone goes and stands next to person sitting down as they stand up
we pass the first people
the car approaches the stop, and then continues.
the flowers move in the wind.
person starts to move the fan quickly.
people on stage put their hands in the air.
firetruck is shown.
the baby's face is zoomed in on.
the man walks passed the camera.
the animal leaps to the middle of the couch
the child enters the house.
the man with two bags sits down.
the man in the brown jacket raises his arm.
baby picks something up and puts in mouth.
red ' white ball gets taken away from little boy.
first time train begins to pass off screen to the left.
screen is turned sideways.
a person in red is ordering food.
cat jumps down from blue painted wall
man turns post on side for first time
white tower becomes visible for first time.
scene changes to milticolored person
child turns rod facing up and down.
red cart drops down from above
the camera moves all the way up on the person walking.
something comes out of the toilet.
the lights are no longer in view.
the camera walks towards the building
camera pans to the right and shows branches
the bear looks towards the camera for the first time
the camera person's shadow can be seen
woman starts talking
man in blue hat appears from left of frame
forklift starts lifting up box.
camera veers of off trail and goes to trees for the first time.
man in black bottom center appears to headbang
hand first briefly disappears from view
the man in blue backs away from the boy.
the camera shows the inside of the boat being filmed from.
cat seems to swallow, second clip
we first see a snake of some sort
man in blue first unfolds his arms
the camera person begins to walk.
the baby is staring at camera at start.
cupcake has a shadow when turning to the right
first biker in red passes camera
man in black goes out of view on the left
conductor turns to his left while conducting
bird is moved to a different branch.
flames are seen.
camera first pans to right.
first time person in red shirt walks off screen.
camera moves down to first view horizon.
we see the plate for the first time
view of the three musicians for the first time
the lights in square formation are not visible in these frames
the man standing up filming exits view
the light goes off indoors.
the seal hops out of the water.
man with microphone kicks leg forward.
baby stcks tongue out of mouth.
we view other people on the bus.
we a blonde driving
robot runs across the view
camera turns back to show a man in red
flame first disappears from view
person begins playing
lit table first disappears from view
the woman face appears for the first time
camera zooms right and then left
pen first falls from fingers
we first see woman in pink skirts face
camera first moves to the right
pelican drastically lifts beak upwards to swallow
sign on left comes down
woman briefly reaches into car
clouds are first seen
camera zooms in on man singing.
the spinning appears to slow down briefly.
skier backs away from the camera
boy in yellow runs back to the boy in green, who then starts running
people start to clap for an unknown reason.
white ball first bounces up and down.
passing through a tunnel
we first see the majority of the pool in this frame
girl on the bull first begins to move
man first leans down to pick something up
kitten looks at camera and jumps down
band puts their hand above their heads the first time.
woman are seen dancing.
the yellow ball is going up
the rear of the cargo liner is seen
a van passes over the bridge
different view of a time lapse of clouds
probe comes down to touch the object.
the dogs touch noses
the battery cover is taken off
two dolphins are swimming near the boat
the small gadget is zoomed in on.
the girl in front sits down and stands back up.
the camera follows the rushing water down the mountain
a person walks behind the van.
something white falls from the sky.
the dog is looking to his left.
someone filming with their phone is seen close to the camera
lever is pulled
first time head moves
the dog sleeps on the pillow
a button is clicked taking us to an app screen with 12 apps
man in red walks by
girl successfully climbs up to the top
a vehicle with lights flashing is visible
main screen transitions to no longer shows woman
we see toyota sign.
person uses tool to make what looks like a c.
person on far left holds up hands.
darkly lit room, but we can see a baby tapping both hands on table
we see fire/flames flashing in the distance
close up of worm on boy's arm.
starts out with three woman shaking something (a bell maybe)
man is looking to his left
first time blue feeder is seen
orange wall leaves scene
man in a yellow shirt crosses in front of the camera.
the man with a microphone points towards the right.
person enters wearing a hula skirt and clapping their hands.
birds rush and settle into the corner.
little girl is completely on the inside of box in thisscene
dog lays on side
snake looks like its coming up and almost all of it is seen
the baby puts something in his mouth
the kid is lifted into the air
the last train car passes by
the man takes a drink
the train speeds past the railroad crossing sign.
man in white t-shirt picks something up off of the ground.
a skull with a snake winding through the eye sockets enters the scene and then leaves again.
bird hops to face forward
person sitting on left scoots in closer
bird moves head for the first time.
man waves frantically.
window lightens
a hand is briefly visible
bird first pulls on bag
climber first puts right arm above her to reach
we first see a second board
man on the far right first moves/leans over bar/table
baby takes first bite of food
white van passes out of view
we see the people sitting on the red sofa the first time
as the camera focuses the lighting changes
little boy first smiles and looks at camera
gated walkway comes into view
first time baby starts to dance
camera zooms into baby getting watered
camera starts to pan right
boat is closest to camera
rear duck almost leaves scene to right of frame
blue stage lights come on
a person in a black shirt passes to two people who were leading the crowd
baby follows lady back to where she was
windmills are no longer seen
lights start to turn to red
lights on stage go from white to blue
we first see a person
we see the two steps clearly in this frame
mini fridge is opened
dome first lights up
text describing artwork is the focus
camerawoman turns camera to herself and waves
woman in blue dress is visible
speaker takes hand away out of hte bottom of the screen from the right
server in orange walks from left to right across view
man in orange vest goes in and out of view behind the kids holding hands and spinning
brown stuff on the right gets pulled into circle.
people holding blue banner walk out of scene.
camera zooms in on man with glasses.
video first does 180 degree turn from bed.
video first moves away from guy talking.
video pans to the left of tower object.
blue lights first start to flicker.
person moves cd over.
2 motorcycles followed by a blue car.
car drives by a diamond shaped sign
baby starts walking
jellyfish turns green
camera pans right to show crowd
someone else first walks on stage
man is first seen on the right dancing
person in center of stage lifts their left arm briefly
cds exit frame
car with blue flashing lights drives by
passing a road sign
we first pass car on the right
baby first moves left hand
man first swings
the boy swims towards the camera.
the person in the motorcycle stops and sits.
the train goes by.
the baby looks at the camera and smiles the first time
the cars pass by closest to the camera
a person wearing a red jacket is waiting on their food
man bends lady backwards
gorilla disappears from view
man on stage first disappears from view
woman first looks up after messing with hands.
small blue cargo vehicle passes camera for the first time.
dog first jumps
boy in white shirt skates close by
baby turns around and starts crawling
camera zooms in on guy with red hoodie/shirt
video first begins to zoom in on the orange lights.
first truck finally begins to turn to its right.
first words appear
first hair flip
person runs directly in front of camera
man sets cane on chairs
man in white enters frame
walk signal changes to red
the baby moves towards the chair.
the object goes from purple to green.
the lights turn purple.
the camera moves toward the crowd.
cat momentarily runs under chair.
we first see lady with blue sweater.
fireworks end.
we see a person enter view from right
first time we see the edge of the window frame
person in black crosses the road in front of us
porch comes into view then goes out of view
kitchen becomes visible for first time
girl touches both side of the top of her head for the first time
girls bend down and whip there hair around
pink flowers leave few and a red tree appears
red light comes into view
person comes into view
woman singing bobs her head side to side
man mixing the ingredients puts some down on a plate
a little boy looks directly at the camera.
a pine tree enters the frame and then leaves the frame again.
a woman in orange and green shirt walks across the room.
camera flashes are seen the first time
person wearing red walks out of view
we see lights the first time
the baby puts her hands in the potty.
the airplane wing stays out of the frame.
the little girl falls briefly.
we first see gray car with shirt hanging in back seat passing.
guitarist shakes his finger on left hand
entire frame is totally black for whole scene.
stage lights turn blue
dog drops ball
dog with blue harness falls back
man in white shirt turns around.
passing red car.
we see a person holding a camera.
the man walks in front of the cows.
the woman in red comes in on the right.
man falls backward.
forklift lifts object upwards
man in light blue walks out of view
a person in reddish pink can be seen walking
a hand is seen turning on the lights
baby turns to the people in the chair and starts to walk their direction
we see others in a red robe begin to get on stage
we see a woman in blue scrubs in these frames
we see snow covered tracks.
animal runs by in background.
man in white holds up his hand.
a woman stands up on the left.
the blue boat is no longer visible.
the girl first runs to the camera.
the camera zooms in on a shirt.
dogs legs first touch baby's forehead
man with walking stick first walks by
tall man first raises his arms
diver points up above him.
little dog is watching the two bigger dogs.
you can see rain hitting the ground
drops the pen for the first time
girl in white hoodie appears
right half of bridge appears in frame
black bird flies by
the camera zooms in on the two musicians.
the camera moves behind the fish.
a large mountain is seen near the sun.
a white truck is first passed.
a white truck is parked near some trees.
bird runs across floor and into someones hand.
dog is presented with a tiny puppy to meet.
the camera rocks up and down
the car passes blue lights
a hockey player slams another into a wall
the second plane appears for the first time.
first motorcycle passes
gray and white cat on the left first stands up
first time we see blue lights
boy in orange shirt takes a bit of food
baby grabs the news paper
man in white shirt playing guitar leans against the wall
the lights turn to yellow.
the baby points at the camera.
the baby is looking at the camera.
man stands up and slips back down
man rolls across the snow
child bobs her head and looks at the camera
first camera flashes are seen
the eyes on the girls shirt is visible
a small green bird playing with a persons hand on the floor
man in yellow begins dancing
rain is visible the first time
we look over the crowd
the lights turn to blue.
a house comes into view.
a large gust of wind moves the trees.
woman adjusts how she is holding baby.
ambulance is in process of passing us.
the yellow line is the least visible.
the words are on the screen.
a black jeep passes on the left.
the most amount of people are shown.
first time we see someones arm
camera shifts a lot and zooms in
first time we see a hand feeding the chicken
camera starts to move left
a building lights up in a lattice pattern.
the child who wears glasses touches the wooden box.
the yellow bus turns left
a person walks by behind the fish tank
people ski down a mountain
water comes from spout in the wall
small girl walks to her mother for comfort
we see person in red playing an instrument.
lights fade out
camera zooms in on a shack in the distance before zooming out
man on boat turns to look at cameraman
man on boat is first visible
another boat with people is seen briefly
zoom in of city buildings.
smaller dog is rolling on floor.
man in pale blue shirt steps up onto elevated floor.
man with long hair puts hand up.
the cat jumps on the wall for the first time.
a person wearing black hands something to an unseen person.
camera first zooms in
from landscape to people
first car passes on top of bridge
camera quickly zooms in
person in blue walks in front of camera
we pass by two people as we are going down the stairs
guy starts playing the violin
camera moves up to another display.
baby raises right arm.
woman begins to talk
person in blue first offers support
person with backpack walk through the frame
first flag is thrown into the air
we first see guitarist kick
small zoom on pet bed
camera turns to big screen
first hand is seen on big screen
a woman wearing a pink bag appears for first time
the lady wearing a red dress leans and moves forward
a man in a dark shirt is leaving during a presentation
5 people throwing flags in the air
a band playing music and the lead guitarist adjusts his microphone
the lady touches her lips
we see the snowy yard the first time
the baby hands the toy to the person
we begin to look at people on the sidewalk
camera pans down to show mans hand
person on left comes into view
two people connect
another boy is seen throwing two things up in air
kid with glasses sticks his head in front of camera
first time we see someone with a backpack on a road
passing traffic while driving in the snow
two hockey players crash against the side of the rink
hockey players skate away from the side of the rink
planes do tricks overhead
a close up of the guitar for second time.
man in white pushes man in straight jacket.
water first shoots upward.
dog runs at camera.
boy blows out candles
first view of driver
a person runs by the screen.
a large red truck passes.
a group of people at a table together on a boat
man in the foreground covers his ears and tries to walk away from something
man first moves to the other side
someone first passes close by
kid grabs its leg
little boy activates movement of train
background light go from green to white
the cat tilts his head to left.
the man gestures with hands.
an asian baby wearing a penguin costume looks at the swimming penguins in the water.
a motorcyclist on a black motorcycle speeds past the person with the camera.
two guys are holding their hands up
a red mailbox is in view.
man does a salute
first lets go of baby's hands
first house window is seen
highest part is shown
the planes are the only thing in focus
the rocks on the left exit view
the road on the right comes into view
blonde woman in white tank top passes through frame
gray dog first appears
the land on the side is no longer shown.
a person is briefly seen in the right corner.
a single person walks by.
the whale jumps near the audience.
singer bobs head and tosses hair a little
man walks over and puts hands in bowl
two brown jelly fish are swimming.
man in striped shirt comes into view
person of light comes into view
man in red stands upright
two women place the person back into the chair.
woman in dark blue shirt walks away from group of women.
a person on the phone walks past balcony door.
a car drives by outside.
we zoom in on a mushroom.
a man with a red coat is observing the race.
the rain gets heavier.
the person puts a second arm under the baby.
the ambulance drives by.
the man slightly leans forward.
camera zooms in to show mountain side.
camera pans to the right and then back to the left.
the cat jumps at the poster.
the person comes into view.
a couple passes from the right to the left followed by a single woman.
boy with large object hits man in front of frame.
the kids shoot the basketball at the hoop
the person sitting down raises their arm the first time
we begin to look over the rail the first time
the motorcycle passes by us
the third puppy joins in the playing for the first time.
the front of the child's shirt can be seen for the first time.
a closeup of a blue and yellow structure.
the man slides a green piece of paper to the table in front of him.
the person wearing yellow runs off the stage.
the man with the mustache covers himself up with the blanket.
woman in white and gray stripped shirt is seen
man in red shirt stands up from bending over
man in white stands on table
woman comes into view
gray backpack enters frame
the front of the train passes.
the windmill slows up.
the man takes hand off camera.
the gold car moves past the silver one at first.
the singer points upwards.
the boy begins to stand on chair.
gray suv starts to pass us on right
man first takes a drink
all black
man in the black suit scratches his nose
two hands can be seen
fireworks change to many different colors
man in green pulls lever to start the ride
a boy is seen sitting at the computer
dog steps toward the back room.
first time we see a person
camera starts to pan right
man with headphones sits
woman in blue shakes something in each hand
the man on the bike stops.
the red part of the train leaves the view.
first time dog stops
baby first reaches the chair
first turns green
lights first become visible
man starts playing guitar
man walks out from behind man in white shirt
man sets down his mug
shrub comes into view
screen goes from person to a vehicle
silver car first begins to rotate
we are zoomed in closest in these frames
words for just a split seconds
the woman claps her hands together for the first time.
a van passes to the left.
the dog runs through the first red tube.
the boy in the light blue shirt goes by.
the baby crawls away.
first camera flash
we see the man's face
we first see a silhouette of someone dancing on the left.
beginning of train begins to move off right screen.
screen is red instead of blue for first time.
person takes a piece of meat off plate.
man in white shirt steps up onto table.
woman is coming down steps.
skateboarders zoom past us.
man first begins to play
person with ponty tail bend down almost out of view
person goes under the water
man smells yellow container
person zooms by
a boy in red and white stripes is seen
bright sun is visible
building shown for first time.
cat shown backing away from toy for first time.
man on right bends knees for first time.
boy in blue seen for the first time.
a large crowd of people pulling something uphill
first time the disco lights are flashing
another diver comes in to view
people start to move around for first time.
yellow and blue engine first goes off screen.
first time we see blue ' white flag moving.
hand comes in and pours water over petri dish.
man blows out fire stick he has in his right hand.
two children come into view fast from the top left riding toy bicycles.
woman begins to spin
the white dog paces around.
a man in a blue jacket is visible.
the hand turns a dial on the top of the device.
a person is in front of the first cages.
the man in green pushes the lever forward.
a boy in a green shirt is visible.
camera pans out and dog runs
closes case of phone
second man is looking at man in blue
see a dolphin
camera first zooms in
person first begins to spin
zoom in to woman in red cape
hands first appear
zoom in to large yellow lights
train disappears to left
hands are playing with ear
a hand is first visible
lady smiles and waves
lady in dark pink dress first comes into view
rabbit goes for second bite and tugs person's hand along
person dances out of doorway
cameraman's hands reaches for the birds for the first time
cameraman releases bird from hand
first time we pass by a hale bale
camera pans to the left
baby brings something to the adult
a woman in a black coat and glasses turns around
little boy with red balloon runs out of one room into another
an extremely close up view of the lazy cat.
an adult and a child walking together.
the flame is not visible in this frame.
we can see smoke in front of the boy's face.
ferris wheel keeps on spinning.
bright pink line appears on the screen
porch rail goes out of view.
sunset first appears
woman raises her arm in air for first time
both men are playing the keyboard at once.
lots of light are first seen
we see another hands on the right side for just a moment
camera first shows something yellow
we first see a ferret/animal
zoom in on person on stage
we see the man ringing a bell
man starts to step away
the girl puts her hand on her face
someone in a baseball hat appears in front of the camera
cups of sauce with a blue background appear
the dog is sniffing something.
planes come in ' fly right over
camera starts to pan right
first bus passes by
bigger fish first swims out of view
the man starts eating the cup of pudding.
a shirtless person walks in front of the camera.
a man with a white shirt and a hat walks by.
young boy wearing grey hat is holding a green guitar backwards while looking around pointing
guy looking for something in his pocket
guy on dock, motor is running
one guy standing, another guy sitting above him
guy in green sleeping bag, hand wipes residue off the floor
man and child, child being tickled
two boys and a female talking, one of left points back
two boys and a female talking, one on left sticks tounge out
2 guys one female, one of left points at girl
people walk by on bridge.
man dramatically drops something into a bowl
swirl in to center
woman has right hand up briefly
blue sign passes out of frame
close up of teeth
we stop looking at people walking on road
the little thing is done burning
a black car drives by.
the camera passes a man in a blue suit.
man in yellow with a cap touches his face
we first see what looks like a group of rats
we first see a child in red
the red car takes of from the starting line
the camera pans to a woman watching the ball game
boy hands gold wrapped present to woman
a yellow pillar thing is visible
the mountains in the horizon are visible
car stops
boy in back runs up to behind singer and raises his hand for a moment
person's face is visible
someone brings in a small tub of water
man pulls something out of his pocket
man hands the thing in his pocket to someone and they bow
man starts to touch top of head
woman runs toward camera
child is nearest camera
triangular packages are first seen
a blue object moves from view.
the boy collapses to the floor.
large yellow sign passes through frame
squirrel lowers it's head to ground for first time.
light on left disappears from frame
the turtle is first visible.
the band is shown, then the lead singer.
the woman picks up the baby then puts her down.
a person runs between the fire and the camera.
camera first zooms in on red light
camera first moves to lady on porch
car zooms by at the top of the hill
bottles on counter are first seen
weirdo in cutoff shorts is first seen
boy hits blue for the first time
people come into view
adult is first seen
windmills are first seen
first red lights fade in
camera moves to a darkheaded woman
first view of adult
first set stands on shoulders
the train passes under the second bridge
the plane moving is seen the first time
the dragon blinks the first time
first time pen is dropped
first time woman in pink skirt comes into full view
white boat exits frame left
pelican doesn't move its head
dogs tail is first seen wagging
we see the kitty's butt
we first see the ceiling
we pass the first white ship
we first see the flame
camera first zooms
woman first lifts up leg
camera first pans to left and shows bright spot
man takes drink
camera slightly zooms in
we first see a road sign
camera first zooms in
looks like the camera is zooming in or moving forward in this first frame
a woman in a black coat walks by.
the fireworks begin exploding.
the cat stops attacking briefly before pouncing again.
hand is briefly seen bottom right
lady wearing bun and orange shirt is first seen
they all fell down
the camera zooms in for the first time
two cats turn and run away
a woman appears standing next to the man
a person's head is visible at the bottom right.
a building with a blue exterior is first shown.
we first see words
we see the fourth/last guy duck down
baby is looking upward and reaches up with his hand
a man in a gray shirt walks in front of the camera
the person on stage first holds up a shirt to the crowd
a boy leans forward to blow out the candles on the cake
a yellow sign with a arrow on it appears
a white puppy looks into the camera
a light appears in the cave
green hood is visible up close
silhouette of person is first seen
radio disappears from view
she raises her flowers
the baby pulls itself towards the toy and then wildly kicks his legs
riding passed the wall of graffiti and a large painted hand comes into view
two people walk fast by a silver pick up truck.
the boy hits the ball
the baby takes a few steps
the pug comes close to the camera
little girl first begins to move her feet on guitar.
part of the video that shows the motor moving the boat in the water.
man first puts his face in child's stomach.
guy to the left comes close to the camera and sticks tongue out.
we first see people
baby passes the laptop
the person picks up the large tray.
camera zooms out to show the people
camera first zooms in
camera first moves to the left
individual throws an object at the fire
hands begin to play the piano
baby takes first bite of pizza
camera pans to a blonde woman
camera pans up so we see the roof of the red building
singer brushes forehead
first time boy looks to his right
the white dog is standing next to the grey dog.
a person in a blue jacket and red shirt walks by.
a person leans down to touch the device with green lights.
a striped cloth covering a cage is shown.
a small blue flashing light is shown.
he pours the drink in the thing
person in yellow is running away
the two guys sleeping next to each is seen the first time
people in blue start running around
r2d2 is leaving
woman grabs child's leg
man enters frame from right to join dance line
first blue sign exits frame left
cats exit scene
the man takes off his jacket.
the red sign becomes visible.
the person in green isn't dancing.
the boy takes something off his arm.
the cat jumps over the red fabric.
the little girl walks through the doorway.
a man in a white shirt carrying a bag comes in and sits down.
there are no chairs visible.
camera does first zoom in.
we see both of person's thumbs for first time.
the woman balances the first thing on foot.
something touches the machine.
the screen goes purple.
the man in grey stands up.
the person's face is shown.
the girl looks up at the balloon
road sign comes into view
the camera zooms in on the dog
the camera looks up
second person starts swinging
people jump down and up in unison.
we observe a body of water in the valley below us.
a person with a grey hood is in front of the camera.
the woman in the striped shirt reaches into the car.
the sky changes from blue to purple.
camera zooms in on center moving sculpture
girl in front falls down and stands back up
woman sitting stands up and holds blue bag in front of children
another person hold camera is visible for the first time
a large statue of an elephant can be fully seen
first time woman stops spinning
a man in blue walks by
a woman sitting on rocks
leaves are on tree
the person in glasses plays with hair.
the man points back and walks away.
the man wearing a red jacket tilts his head.
screen changes to show a mapfor first time
person in red ' black walks in front of camera
a car thing with a blinking light comes in from the right
the referee appears on the field
the man is bending over then stands up as someone throws something to him'
a a boy is looking at a open laptop
a man jumps on the pony
a sit down gondola dinner with multiple people
a man with a red backpack and hood passes by.
a cat is first seen standing up from a seated position.
cabinet opens
green and blue triangle lights first appear
the description is seen up close
blue chairs are first visible
the lights quickly swoop to the bottom.
the group of people split into two groups.
the man with the broom walks by.
the dog stops, looks at the water, and then runs away from the wave.
a waitress walks on camera and over to table.
the woman and children 'fall to the ground' than get back up.
man stabs log
car passes man in red shirt on bike
view changes from red tent to green grass
from man to hendrix poster
adult comes into view
window washers exit view
pool disappears from view
the man holds his hand near his head.
a dog runs behind a man pushing a cart.
a young boy slides down the slide.
two butterflies fly out of a white triangular compact.
boat comes out the other side of a tunnel
first time we see blue ' orange umbrellas blowing in the wind
a father has his son on his back as they video tape the christmas decorations and setting.
person in red is shown throwing something at ducks.
person with white hair is seen for the first time.
persons legs are shown for the first time.
camera pans down to show rock bed.
view pans towards the right and people come into view
view of a tree on the left of the shot disappears as the view follows the stream to the right.
the person goes from sitting in the water to standing and riding
baby runs in front of coffee table from right to left.
camera first zooms out
woman does a spin.
kid first hits ball away with paddle.
man throws stick for dog.
the lights are brightest
no cars passing on right for a moment
baby swings forward and smiles constantly
cars are coming around for their second lap
people on steps are first visible.
balloon hits ground firsttime.
a man in blue baseball cap is seen on left side of screen for a second
little dog falls down
man in striped shirt walks past camera
the white boat is closest.
one duck is left behind.
the blue lights first appear.
woman with left leg outstretched pulls it in
boy stops putting his head to the floor
a man runs in front of the dancing crowd
the person with balloons walks out of crowd.
the flag goes behind the tree.
the person in gray shirt walks by.
metro style bus passes the camera.
video first transitions to the clouds in the sky.
cat first briefly looks at camera then continues drinking.
baby turns head to our right.
man with walking stick walks by
woman in red appears and waves for first time
person with black glasses gets up close to camera for first time.
first time we see a person.
the dog moves through the tunnel.
the camera passes the boy.
camera zooms in
camera first zooms in as object goes in hole
we first see a second woman
camera first begins to move
camera shakes a bit.
man stands on a boat.
first time woman flip her hair back
man pushes woman out of way
little brown jelly fish turns to swim toward camera
the refrigerator door is opened.
white snowflake lights flash between teal triangles.
a nameplate is zoomed in on.
a woman in a floppy hat waves.
woman in white hugs an individual from behind
camera pans far right
kid on diving board jumps in
sled passes by camera
blue lights go off
the baby points to something off screen
the engine of the boat is seen
the third person sticks her head in the frame
the person with a fluffy hat is in the frame.
the car driving passes a white van on the side of the road.
the device begins moving.
fire in the fireplace.
man has mouth wide open.
close up of objects.
boy hits other kid.
camera first begins to move to the right
third person walks up to the wall
girl in black switches places in these frames
camera first pans to the left to show a vehicle
the camera flashes
group dances to the right and then to the left
the woman turns partially around.
the blue banner passes by.
only one man is shown.
small car with blinker on starts turning to left
text first becomes visible
blonde woman goes through front of frame
cat dips its head to food for the first time.
dog begins to eat
first time we see water
camera pans up and to the left to show ceiling.
camera moves to the left and then pans right.
camera move up to look down on branch.
person starts to pour water
the main blue starts using the saw.
attempts to blow out the fire
two boys speed past the camera
we first see a hand raised
we first see the door open in the background
we first see a child in orange shirt
we first see a woman walk through the frame
first time we see a fire place
camera starts to zoom back
camera quickly pans down then back up
we first see lantern above
end of train passes
two cars go by.
camera shows girl with red hair.
person seen touching mans shoulder for first time.
person in red shirt shown for the first time.
camera pans left for the first time.
a person in a gray shirt is visible.
the white light turns red.
woman's face is shown in beginning of video.
cyclist with blue shirt and blue helmet seen in beginning.
a pool is shown.
the mechanical bull starts moving.
the man bends down to pick the frisbee up.
the cat jumps down.
camera zooms out and pans to the right.
instrument first touches skin without gauze.
girl hits black ball with a paddle for the first time
someone in center of frame raises both hands in the air briefly
a single white light circles around.
children run towards man
bands pivots to turn.
screen changes from lady to a truck
screen first changes
red first appears
white horses exit frame right
wooden fence comes into view
plane lifts off
light first begin to spin
people are no longer visible
bald head is seen up close
man is first visible
the single person walks across and out of view
camera pans right to show crowd getting splashed
guitarist with no shirt first goes completely out of view.
we first see corner of window
people riding motorcycles facing opposite direction first go by.
a baby in a red and yellow outfit playing with a hanger in the closet
close up of both backpacks.
blonde woman with white shirt on appears.
building is first seen up close
2 meercats move out of view
they first step forward
the camera begins to zoom in on the boat.
a person can first be seen riding.
a person with a white hat shows up.
the baby can first be seen.
the biker moves past the camera.
she puts her hands in the air the first time
spoon set on table.
little boy slaps leather.
cellist begins to beat cello like a banjo.
man is seen holding an egg ' talking
camera turns to shown the person filming
camera pans right away from brightly light square of lights, then quickly pans back to it
guy looks up for the first time
camera first moves away from the drum
white van in the picture
a man in a yellow shirt walks past.
the cat turns in a circle.
the man walks into a shadow.
the girl is spinning around
the boy claps the paddle with his left hand
the dog runs off after the stick
woman leans over table to gently touch an object.
little girl mimes swimming.
man gets down on one knee
man picks up something
spotlight first comes on
they first kneel
the camera approaches and passes a bus on the left.
a clear and close view of a fat penguin is shown in these frames.
a girl in shorts walks past in the background.
we first see a building
cat first begins to back away
trumpet player raises hand then begins to play again
we see the boy in blue a second time
blue light goes out of view and we see daylight
lights come on
rocks leave the frame
guardrail comes into view
we first see a woman with backpack and hat
we first see a group of ladies
a person in a striped shirt is shown.
the screen is completely dark for a second.
the man lifts his head up and then puts it back down.
the kid shakes his head.
the smaller boat leaves the frame.
red lights are visible.
guy swats in front of face
someone bent over bends up or stands up
full view of ferris wheel
the magnetic balls touch.
we first see bald man in audience.
model airplane first flies past camera.
woman in grey sweater first walks into view.
we first see finger come into scene from left.
baby finally grabs toy
a huge painting of a hand is visible
camera zooms in a little
camera jerks down
woman carrying child walks by
baby first sticks out tongue
dark haired woman bends down
van drives off screen.
we see a sign that says 'hall of giants'.
we pass a chain link fence.
the large tv screen in front of us is in view.
we look at the treetops for the first time.
we first see legs of a chair
we see boys two hands close to his chest
fireworks begin
dog in yellow coat first becomes visible.
dog enters yellow tube
first car passes toward front of frame
person in black coat in front turns to face camera
camera zooms in on baby
white dog runs past the camera and back
kid disappears from view
the front of the truck is visible
tall tree comes into view
man in light button down shirt first comes over to row of sitting people
a vehicle of some kind first starts to move
man grabs microphone for first time
dragon first moves
yellow sign is not in any part of the scene.
hummingbird flies away.
first time we see the word 'innovate' in yellow.
man in red first bounces
small stand to the left is visible
bird is first visible
snake turns head towards camera and slithers closer
woman in black and green(') walks by
a light is somewhat visible on the pier building
seal jumps out of pool for the first time
last seal in pool is trying to get out
the person touches the screen the first time
no longer looking at playground
background becomes orange
the little girl raises her hand to her face.
the camera zooms in on a man on the ground.
a pair of headlights appear for the first time.
the boy stands still and raises his fist.
the moon comes into view
a person in all black falls backwards.
the man in the white shirt walks away.
the car passes the person standing in the middle of the road.
people on a deck are shown.
man smiles weirdly while holding banjo.
man bends over to pick something up.
man dives into water.
the cat jumps down in the hole the first time
person with ball exits view
the person's cell phone is first visible
the man with a tie first comes into view
baby picks up ball and places it to his mouth
man switches one ball for another
the caboose passes by
camera angel turns to the right
screen comes on
person in red walks past camera
screen changes to blue
camera pans off of blue thing on pole
in the crowd toward us someone stick there arm up
a hand is pointing.
the tree hits the ground.
the hands tap on the table.
the camera pans forward slightly.
the man in the red coat is first shown.
the person moves from the tire to the back of the van
dog first sniffs the lawnmower
first time we see smoke
camera pans down to a picture
person in red walks behind building
people standing on the left are first seen
stage first disappears from view
kid jumps in water first time
snow cart exits view
lights on stage change from blue to white
a black car waits for the train to pass.
man in sunglasses shifts rotates the rocket
a skull is focused on.
little boy in green hands off water cup
first time we zoom in on swamp
white flash near bottom right corner
first zoom on tshirt
we go back to looking at the fire
the person begins playing the piano
baby takes a second bite of pizza
man makes a good catch.
we see a monster truck.
camera pans from people back to the field.
person first draws a 'c' or half a circle
people on stage slightly bow.
fountain sprays water in swaying motion
a star is seen the first time
dog is barking
the front of train passes.
the camera zooms in past the woman in blue.
an orange and white fish appears.
the man with glasses walks by.
the light display changes from purple to blue
the man tells the dog to sit
the man stops skateboarding
the dogs start barking at something in the distance
redheaded older lady adjusts her scarf
boy begins swinging pink thing violently
dog runs out into the grass.
batteries are taken out of device.
man in blue jacket put hands down in lap.
wake of sea animal is seen in front of boat.
fireworks move up tree.
we see a porch then some cars.
spotlight goes off
first time we see the mans face
lady claps hands
man turns to look behind him
tower of three people walking
only time dog/cat runs over to the blanket
screen door opens
balding man in a brown/red plaid shirt walks in front of camera
man in jacket raises lefft arm up
the car begins to spin.
snake charmer taps on the snake held by the woman
man in blue comes in, leans over and leaves
gondola passes by super closely
the numbers 44 and 115 are visible
person in red hat leaves frame
man holding his ears walks towards the cameraman and out of frame
man in red bounces/jumps
bird in the tree looks to move wing in second frame
locker closes
man starts to bend over
2nd cat jumps up
girl gets up from potty.
we see clouds and plane arm.
train passes under first bridge
plane can first be seen
first flicker
first raise of the ear flaps
a person waves their arms up in the air in front of the camera.
the speaker lifts her right hand up as she is talking.
the person wearing orange runs very quickly.
a woman walks in front of the stage.
lights start to fade on object
closest view of building on island
man on boat first appears
camera shakes and shows city.
the camera pans up to the sky.
puppy attacks brown one
girl turns back to face camera first time
the lights flashing on device is seen first time
person with red coat exits view
we see their faces the first time
we first see a diver in the background
girl in orange first puts hands down
a person wearing red walks by.
screen is lit up in corner.
a woman is pushing a wheelchair.
a woman appears on a slide.
a bucket of apples is shown.
the white boat is first shown.
a black van passes by.
the camera switches view.
man in red hat walks by.
man holds up a bottle then puts it down
passes white van on left
circular track starts moving for first time
people first jump down
person in blue sits down briefly
little girl in hat walks into view
the woman shakes her head and the smiles.
a tree is visible.
first zoom in
people come into view on left
weird fish first closes its mouth
little girl first turns around
horn section swings instruments around.
a marquee tent is visible.
singer swings mic stand to her right.
center lights go dark
blue lights pass on right
players hit fence near camera
plane first appears in sky
the fish is not visible at all in this frame.
the view shows more of the train length in this frame.
the bushes do not obstruct the view in this frame.
the camera pans off the person's shoes.
a woman comes into view
the dog faces the camera
the adult wearing black readjusts the baby's position so it can comfortably lean back.
man stands the log back up again.
car we are inside slows down.
we initially take off into the air.
at a dimly lit concert, someone waves a glowstick
camera pans up in the sky showing a birds nest on a pole.
man puts stick down beside him on the ground.
the camera moves quickly to the right.
a boardwalk is shown.
the plane leaves the ground.
a person walks in front and sits down.
the baby touches his eye.
the dog goes onto his back.
a man in stripped shirt walks in front.
man waves at camera
first sprinkles powder on tamale
man's back is facing us.
man stands up
girl looks up at camera and smiles
flash of camera
girl gets closer to camera
skier adjusts the camera then backs up
first boy dumps water out of a cup then runs back to the bucket
we get a close look of what looks like a pirate ship.
man raises arm in the air above his head.
the diver on our left slows down and comes to a stop in front of us.
woman ducks out of the way
camera pans down to a snake for first time
lady looks in to a bag for first time
smoke is swirling.
words fly onto screen.
snake on board walk.
the man starts playing the guitar.
the man in the black hat smiles and looks behind him.
motts tomatoe juice first shown
blue lights start to move
motorcycle comes into view fast
first time we pass a light pole
man walks backwards with wheelbarrow.
scissors cut band on package.
someone partially comes into view on left of screen.
we first see 'stop bombing gaza' sign.
camera slightly turns and begins to zoom in
camera first moves to the left
two people walk across the street.
person starts dancing frantically.
man seen bring hand up to face.
person seen for the first time.
large area of blue colors seen in beginning.
guy starts to take off his jacket
sign with arrows first appears
a third guy appears on the left
hand first appears up close
sparks first appear
man blows out torch and throws it
kids first pass by
crowd shakes hands wildly.
group of three walk by.
first time man turns back to camera
gray wall comes into view
the man spits water out of his mouth
the person in the green tank top bends over
the dog pokes its head back up
the people in white walk off the walkway.
the man puts the baby down.
red lights start to appear.
student late for class walks in
guitar player kicks leg up
dog stops wagging its tail momentarily
cat walks back to starting counter
artwork at the top of the ceiling is visible
people are visible
camera zooms in on skier
baby touches the floor.
guitar player looks behind him.
girl on top stands up.
hand reaches in to turn on the lights.
little baby sits on rump.
man falls back down.
child sticks out tongue for first time.
man with gray hair and glasses claps hands.
child first looks away from camera
adult puts spoon in baby's mouth for first time
dark blue suv exits to left of frame
woman in orange shirt walks in from right.
light changes very slightly
we are looking at the church in the distance
the cub looks toward the camera the first time
the person with a backpack exits view
close up of the road.
baby smiles at camera.
the people walk along the cliff edge
the vehicles drive on the road.
the person pushes the button
the people gather by the skull
backs of both boxes are first seen
words appear
the boy approaches the front of the car.
the red flag is no longer in view.
a white board is zoomed in on.
the man on the bike first appears
the man in the grey shirt and shorts appears
the women is walking to the right
the little traffic light turns red
person with backpack is visible
street with traffic is visible
we are done looking at the glass skull
the bathroom comes into view.
the man driving is talking.
the freighter leaves view.
a man in a red helmet touches a base.
a head passes by a wall.
a man walks atop a roof top.
cat looks at camera for first time
man and boy walk up street and then out of view to the right
burjning stick in center of snowy field goes out
girl crawls into the hole
girl takes her first step up
dog lies down
man strokes snake
they open the door and look outside.
the girl hands off the stuffed animal.
a train engine zooms by for first time
man in sandals enters frame
a skeleton head is in these scenes
man on left downs his drink
first time man drinks his coffee
camera starts to pan left
no one is on stage
the person holding a broom exits view
the person kicks at the sand
lights turn blue
man removes tennis ball from dog's mouth
dog gets down on hind legs
skater starts skating down the ramp
skater does his first 180 flip in midair
two dogs running neck and neck until they stop momentarily
lady kind of nods and chuckles
baby falls on butt
the set begins to fade to a bluish tone.
a person is approaching a kangaroo.
two buckets are shown, one has something blue inside of it.
lights are first blue
first image change
fire is first seen
the person on the left is moving the least.
the person brushes off the hat.
the blue bus makes a right turn.
second large fish comes into frame for first time.
ferris wheel light is brightest in the beginning.
man at keyboard backs up and to his left
kid looks down at candles.
we pass a brown building
girl arrives with her book
person are seen running off the field ' camera pans right to show a baseball game
surgeon switches tools in hand
fish exits view
we see part of the car for the first time
view is obscured by several trees for a moment
man facing camera steps back, turns around and walks away
people visibly walking across the crowd and out of sight
we see the teacher the first time
we begin walking on the grass
a red car passes by
camera starts to pan left
little animal is looking at camera, then back to food ' drops it
a man and a woman are holding signs next to each other.
a mannequin is shown wearing a red dress.
person begins to walk backwards.
second truck pulls out of the driveway.
we see screen of computer first time
someone is laying under a rock
a single person is walking on the sidewalk
it splashes the crowd
a hand pokes a stomach
the tree hits the ground
the person drums their hand on the keyboard stand
cameraman walks back and crouches down
man in red is scratching his arm
camera pans right to show teacher
first time camera pans left
we first see something moving on the hill
first time baby takes a bite
white van passes by
camera pans right to show two men sitting on a red couch
camera moves a little bit right and stays
first view of orange sign
roof comes into view
man places hand on wall
lady is first seen walking by
shipping containers are closest in view
bicycle is visible
image switches
stone column comes into view
girl walks toward television and picks something up
woman disappears from screen
first see fireworks behind the monument
smoking plane goes behind building
zoom in on band
we look at the screen to see a better view of the field
blue and white object becomes visible on right for first time
man in black leaves frame at lower right.
man stabs pole hard into wood.
the cat climbs up the screen
wall on the left dispears
camera zooms in on kid
railing is first seen
we see the man's hand for the first time
they put white powder on it
man's back is facing us
camera pans fast towards the right to people walking up hill
scuba diver moves his right hand up
woman falls onto couch.
green tree comes into view.
the camera pans up to building.
the bear licks the tree.
the man begins to bend over.
man on the right leans down out of view then pops back up.
the mother moves out of screen to take a picture of the boy in the car.
cartrain emblem is fully visible.
windmill is going the fastest.
man leans to right of frame then back up to center
back of white car becomes visible for first time.
the kites does a loop
zoom in on structure in distance
boy jumps off diving board.
sled goes out of view
lights change from blue to yellow
climber reaches his highest point.
we look out at the beach.
seated man on right reaches across and grabs drink.
woman points at the people on horses.
person with camera walks over to the railing.
panels start to move as the plane lifts up.
boy smiles
camera is reoriented
woman in black takes a step back
camera is focused on a specific walking robot for a longer moment
lone star colleges tx is clearly readable
person in blue is reaching for something in the bag
the man watches the steam engine
the toodler hugs the young girl
girl hit ballon for first time
man in hat comes into view and exits left
both flags go off the screen.
the girl is both visible.
we first see the gutted kitchen
camera first begins to move
camera moves to look over
red truck comes into view
dog goes threw yellow tube
you can only see peoples legs and feet
little girl bounces on the ball.
the wing comes into full view.
little girl stumbles hard.
we first see some sort of animal
we first are able to see the bridge
girl reaches the top and climbs up
dog first runs up close
someone pets the snake for whatever reason
second striped fish enters view
camera pans down on the writing
first time we see the last person squat down
scene goes from lights to black
engine passes camera
there's a plat of food
the conductor motions to the left with one hand.
we see the boat at its furthest
we pass the first biker
woman in red dress is sitting in this frame
camera first moves left
singer stands back up
first time camera zooms in
a third spotlight comes on
we see two sword fighters walk to each other and squat down
drop of water on the camera lens.
cat is laid down on the floor.
the mouse is perched upon the green pot.
man with mic shakes orange object once it is in his hand.
the movement of the fish's fins are visible
sun over the mountain is visible
we begin passing the structure on the right
the director is shown.
the baby turns away.
the poodle is sniffing the other dog's behind.
man snorkeling turns away from turtle
person on mic turns to the right and picks up the whole stand
woman picks up toddler and puts her down
toddler falls
toddler tries to push stroller over
man holding camera above his head walks by
cameraman moves closer to the flares
the man starts to dance with legs.
kid starts standing on his head the second time
person with a white helmet is first seen
first sign passes out of view
yellow cat chases the little one off screen
train approaches and passes in these two frames
man on the right turns to his left
from a tree with white flowers to water
man walks closely though from in these two clips
the boat drifts into sunlight and bobs there.
a closeup view of a sign is shown.
the lighting first flashes a bright white.
person in yellow stands back up
theres a light blinking in these scenes
a man is walking by window
the person is brushing snow off their head
yellow truck exits view
a man wearing a white shirt holds onto a black belt of a straightjacket.
the scuba diver can be seen
the girl crouches down to pick something up
the goalie is on the ground
the lights turn to blue.
the man is first visible.
the camera moves from the flowers.
the robot spins its head around.
a car is passed on the left.
the camera moves away from the penguins.
first time white chair is seen
zoom in on the hole
first time we see the kitchen
first time we see green
scuba diver makes a pointing up gesture
a 2nd tractor comes into full view
camera pans down to the ground
person on left leans forward for first time
first view of fireworks in the distance
three boys with winged costumes jump in a group
bright blue moonlight comes into view
no sky at all
boat makes it almost to center of frame
child lets go of chair and drops for first time
woman enters from right and sits down in audience
hand appears with finger in center of pacifier
woman in red enters frame
first time dried leaves appear
the red car comes to a stop.
the camera pans left to the crowd.
one person in blue separates from the group.
the robot moves backwards.
the camera moves past the boat.
the girl opens her mouth wide.
boy blows out the candles on the cake
driver looks at camera
camera pans to the right
camera zooms in to what the man is holding
the man in the white shirt appears and drinks
a person is standing on the median waiting to cross
a man with a blue baseball cap is shown
the boy grabs the box.
writing shows up on screen.
the man begins to sing.
baby tosses the red thing on table
the second person begins sliding down
person playing the guitar is first seen
we are looking at the crowd for a moment
person holding sign saying 10 cent
the lake below is visible
first view of counter
person comes into view in background
balloons come closer
end of train passes
man in gray walks by
man in black shirt jerks away.
knife is usd to cut into food.
man spins out woman.
black and yellow fish seen first time
man begins scratching ear
zoom in to close up of bunny
hand first appears in frame
man in blue removes tee andbacks up
we pass a white bus.
camera pans away from the penguins.
little kid bends over.
boy on right moves his box
person walks off toward left of frame
text first appears
woman raises hand to her face for first time
girl puts both hands and feet onto log
man with a baseball cap is briefly in the cameras view
person lying on the ground is visible
changes from pizza to popcorn
woman stops swinging arms
the kid is off screen for a little bit
a train first passes by.
the man looks to his left briefly.
a view of flowers changes to a view of an orange and white fish.
a large red balloon is shown.
first time brown puppy is tackled
first closeup of project
person swinging stick first goes from right to left
we pass the van
track begins to move
the person with the blue umbrella is at their closest to the camera.
first time hand can be seen
no people
first time an animal jumps in the distance
only one light
video slightly dips underneath the table.
camera initially zooms in on yellow shirt guitarist.
person in dark red moves the chair a little
we see train get close.
camera pans right to show people on a rock
we pan left to see a tree right in front
skier gets lifter up
second time the baby passes in front
pulls hand back and places on on guitar
woman in glasses is at table
woman in gray walks off
sign on bus becomes visible for first time
person becomes visible at top left
we see a yellow bar.
man covers head.
first time we someone playing an air trumpet
camera pans left to show a person on the road
first group of people walkng to the right
first time we see a hand
red fish moves into water jet.
side view mirror of car is seen.
cat first swipes at dog.
camera shows the back of the skier skiing away.
we see a small house with a tree briefly
the baby puts the book away
the potter's face is visible.
the speaker removes something from his pocket.
beer spills from the stein.
a head pops in and out of view near bottom.
man in blue bag adjusts his bedding.
a man with a coffee cup is standing up.
the man in front takes a drink.
a turkey is shown.
the blonde baby in green picks up the book and closes it after looking through it.
the baby in green and white picks at the black object that the adult's thumb rests on.
a graphic appears at the bottom.
the girl bounces back up.
a magazine appears below the radio.
we admire the fleeting beauty of a sand sculpture.
someone walks into view.
the man pours the yolk into both of the shells.
the woman waves to the camera.
a shadowy hand waves during a concert.
a figure/person jumps above the pants for a brief second.
pass by a green traffic light
person hits the ball a second time
water shoots up a second time
camera pans left and begins to move back to the right before this frame ends
brown dog first runs away from camera
guy in yellow is on floor.
close up of woman in black.
person shown picking up wheel barrel for first time.
persons hands come into frame for first time.
chair is shown moving in frame.
several yellow signs seen in beginning.
man's face is first seen
lady on the left first disappears from view
baby's pacifier pops out of his mouth
we see a man in a straw hat walk to the left out of view
first time we see red fireworks
snake slithers off walk and camera pans left
waves become visible at the bottom of the screen.
kids in the red and white shirts disappear off camera.
second person to go down the hill. second person passes first person
camera goes to the left before quickly coming back into the center
audience is seen.
the first boat exits view
the flame becomes orange the first time
person on stage appears the first time
the person is dressed up like a dog
the smoke reaches the left side of the screen
hand reaches around under man's chin and waves
hand grabs snowman's head
woman waves at camera
woman in pink grabs bride's dress and moves it a little
the pink pacifier is seen for the first time.
the toy train begins to move along the tracks.
the lights change color to red.
the bird runs into the persons hand the first time.
a head is seen in right bottom corner
we first see a blue building
man flops down in front of the stage out of view
two people ride towards you on bicycles.
first time boy laughs
camera first starts to turn upright
woman starts to step back
closeup of table sign
a bird flapping its wings is first seen
the dog begins barking at lawn mower
lights on stage go from red to blue
the airplane flies close to the camera
the third person falls down
red bus passes by
woman has her hand in the air
train begins to move
person dancing in place puts both his hands down
person with both hands up puts them down and points at cameraman
the robot walks to the woman.
the drummer puts her hand on the drum
the baby looks to the right and left
the women kneels down next to the brown dog
water first comes into view
girl is first seen spinning around
man grabs the stick
man spins around first time
view is changed to the left
a child walks up behind the speaker and touches them
a potter begins to form the clay with his hands
magician shows cards to audience and asks someone to choose a card
girl in blue hoodie is walking.
girls have their arms out to the left
person in black is standing on sidewalk
cat jumps on the wall for the first time
light first starts to flicker
people walk close to the camera in front of santa
man enters scene
first person walks across view
girls hug
man seen pointing for the first time.
camera pans quickly to the right.
red car seen passing by.
person in green coat exits frame left
boys comes into view
first time bubbles are seen
first time man in blue and white shirt touches keyboard
diver faces the camera
view is covered by trees,bushes.
woman first smiles
big tree up close comes into view
man on right looks down briefly
woman moves her bangs slightly
gray van first comes into view on the left
brief close up of rear of silver car passing
man's boot first appears and he is tapping his foot
bright colored tube appears for the first time
the machine lifts the object up
you can only see the hills
camera swings shakily.
yellow train passes by.
the airplane is directly overhead.
the camera zooms in.
a yellow car speeds away.
lady first puts down her arms
stick appears and robot first moves
man is first seen dancing
kid almost backs into camera while looking at it
man is first seen
tan car drives through right to left
first time motor cycle is seen
woman briefly comes into view
passenger is seen
building with sloped roof comes into view
something is thrown to the man.
the window is first shown.
the man gives a thumbs up.
hand flashes in front of our view.
a person in red shirt comes down the trail.
man in blue shirt comes into view while woman rolls out dough
person runs past camera
zoom in on trees in distance
first cars pass coming toward camera
we first see pepperonis'
baby looks left for the second time
boy first walks in a circle
guitarist in white begins to walk forward
the man gives a thumbs-up sign
the man scratches his left arm
baby starts crawling
the eyeball graffiti is seen
zoom in a little
person in red walks by
dog first starts to lick its foot
road disappears from view
baby is closest in view
the colored squares begin as blue and yellow in this frame.
the group of hikers is closest in this frame.
the camera goes underwater.
closest to the water
bird hops around to face camera
first red ring explosion
car in blue headlights passes by
driver just passes the intersection
camera turns vertical
redbull sign is visible
woman in front of camera moves to sit closer
woman in front moves back to her original seat
man stands up from bending over for first time
first time lights turn green
first time child reaches for camera
first time back of head can be seen in front of camera
firs time child slaps object
the man stops pushing the wheelbarrow.
the scissors are placed on the desk.
the singer grabs the microphone.
the man pushing a baby carriage is first seen.
car comes to a stop behind another car.
camera passes by a light pink car.
lighting fades on the camera.
the bus turns left.
a person walks past the aquarium's rear.
blue ball comes into view on the left of the screen and moves towards the middle.
woman bends down and blows out the candles as someone turns on the light.
bird in the center pulls tan food item off towards teh right with his beak.
camera moves to the right
camera first shows person in red shirt
people holding flag go off screen to the left and then come back on the screen
humming bird with its beak in a feeder takes it out for the first time
iphone screen goes from blank screen to keyboard screen
girls give a little hop for the first time
person stand up then walks out of frame in front of dancing girls
first time people are seen
man reaches up to his head
we first see a man with long hair up close
child first goes down the slide
we first see something triangular
video first zooms in slightly on snake.
camera pans above guy in white shirt.
light first glimmers through wooden pier.
part where the seals are jumping into the pool.
we first see the child with white pants standing
we first see smoke off the bank
the train is completely gone in these frames
camera first walks drastically fast
person in wheelchair goes by
zoom in on dancers
first time fingers are seen
zoom in on yellow lamp
man smells what is in the can he is opening
first child jumps off diving board
woman in white shirt with long hair in center of frame looks at camera very briefly
person has hand up briefly
first time umbrellas are seen
man smiles cheesily.
hands begin to slap frantically.
person is petting dog in the back
white dog walks to the other side of gray one
passing a man on a wheelchair on the left
passing the first group of 3 people
person places his hands on the device initially
person wearing blue shirt and jeans is visible
the cat with the big black spot on its head comes out from behind the litter box.
the band stops playing.
the green cart passes by for the second time.
the top of a passing bus is visible.
the person begins to sit up.
a giant ball first begins rolling.
a person's should appears on the left and then disappears again.
a little girl opens her mouth very wide while singing.
a man in a straight jacket sways his upper body forward and backward repeatedly.
women in video first clasps her hands together.
green billboard is first seen slowing coming into view.
the door opens and we see the world covered in snow.
the baby in light purple hands a white stuffed dog to an adult and the adult gives it back.
the boy in red steals the ball.
the person now has his arm up.
two cars drive past each other.
the biker rides past the camera.
finger touches belly.
man with white shirt comes into view.
person gets on bike and grabs hold of the handles.
another person walks up towards the teacher and kneels.
man in hat first moves closer to the table
lady with stroller passes
a yellow bus first appears
boy moves the most and looks like he's getting up
people start to roll ball
first time we see a camera lens on the right
blue 7 white boat went left out of view
little girl runs up to the camera
man begins to use right arm to explain
we first see a little girl
camera first zooms in
brass band comes into view
white tent comes into view
first time both feet on green
first time woman with blue scarves extends microphone to her right
red bus passes in front of camera
the woman first puts her arm in the air
camera freezes on person leaning out of train
boy in socks dances backwards
man talking on mic kicks left foot forward
person in bus waves at cameraman
an orange vehicle is briefly spotted
the ball is pitched for the second time.
the light is shining brightly through a hole in the wall.
the dancer kicks her leg into the air.
the large figure comes back into the frame after being missing from a few.
camera pans quickly to the left.
yellow sail boat comes into view from the right.
man in yellow shirt is visible
cat first spins around
man walks out of spotlight
first time man swings
the black and yellow fish leaves the view.
the woman looks at the man while cleaning the counter.
man in white shirt is seen up close
ball is first thrown
we first see meat near the sink
girl wearing sunglasses looks frustrated.
camera starts to rotate
lady in black standing first steps back
first time we see the sign lon star college tx
trombone players are first visible
white pole passes out of view on left
person jumps up and down with both feet then backs up
woman in blue holds mic far out toward left of frame then brings it back to her mouth
camera flash
two people in black walk through
camera zooms in on panda eating
one cat leaves the view
camera just starts to pan to the left
we see an hand playing with the babys hand
a white boat moves on the waterway.
the dog hold his right paw in the air
man pivots wheel of cheese on edge.
little boy stands up
starts rubbing woman's chin.
man comes into view.
child is closest to camera
a man with a white dress shirt and dark tan cardigan is seen for the first time
the folder is closed by the woman
tent disappears to the right
we see a red bird for the first time
guy touches sparky ball
the camera pans to the right
the camera stops showing the people
the boy in yellow does the 'windmill' on the guitar.
the woman holds the white sign, and walks
the men stand back to back.
the machine begins to rotate.
green train passes by
background changes from blue to orange
baby bird opens mouth for the first time
baby stands up and puts mouth on crib
woman in blue and white repositions herself on chair.
camera zooms in on painting for first time.
camera pans up and zooms in on trees.
a woman describing a view.
kids jumping on a bouncy surface.
person enters the water.
baby turns towards camera.
bird turns his back on camera
kayaks pass camera
the words aerogarden are clearly visible
scrolling cards on screen first transition to something
the dancers come forward and crouch down
dog is getting his ear scratched
dancers up top exit view for a moment
we see the markings on their legs
screen is black
the camera zooms on the cello.
the camera passes farm animals.
the babies eyes close, and he drifts in and out of drinking, and sleeping.
the camera pans and shows the water fountain.
first time she starts talking
zoom in on dancers
he holds his shirt outwards
stage first turns red
first horse passes by
lady in red holding leafy branch disappears from view
zoom in on the writing about the rock
man takes a bow in front of group outside.
women shows close up of necklace.
little boy makes a funny face.
when the spotlight first leaves the announcers face covering his face in darkness.
when a worker in a bright blue construction hat is first shown.
when the man in white walks off the stage to the left.
first time woman's face is seen
scout leader points
only one person
the giant clam closes
someone puts something on the podium
school bus passes by
boy starts talking into microphone
man in black suit is briefly visible on right of frame
person in red shirt becomes visible in lower left
kid jumps up and down and then touches his leg
the camera is going so fast all we see is the girls hands
first see the poles under the bridge
guy first appears
aero garden words appears
red and yellow book appears on stage
person in yellow shirt on bike comes into frame.
two men move machine
camera zooms in on panda eating.
man in black shirt stands up in crowd
bird starts to fly away
torches/flares first seen
baby first falls down
tower passes out of view
an event flyer on white paper is shown.
a little girl with blond hair is seen smiling.
balcony ground is first shown
first time we see the man puff smoke
man walks out of view and lady turns to walk away
singer in black dress turns around.
man in brown walks up to the brown sled with boy.
blonde woman bends over then straightens up
dog starts playing with garden hose.
golden dog is visible by itself.
group of people first come into view
cat leaves view of camera for a moment
first person does the firewalk
we see some else's head come into view on the lower left
a man with a stroller and dog walk into frame
we see baby the closest in these frames
the view shifts from the basketball court to the fans in the seats across the stadium.
the lady claps her hands in front of the toddler.
the man in the blue shirt is holding his hand together in front of him before waving his hand.
first time we see the large green sign
camera pans right and we see a orange structure
first time we see people
person goes out of view on the right and sky turns darker
close up of red flower
man adjusts microphone stand
person in orange first comes into view
we first see a hand
tassel behind the man first swings into view
person first moves in front of pink wall
no path is seen
blue ball comes into view
man steps to center stage and waves his arms
big dog climbs in with puppies for the first time
keyboard first appears
camera shifts to the left
girl goes down slide on her stomach
a yellow light flashes.
human swimmer is briefly seen
first closeup of lecturer
white car drives by in background
skier is closest to camera
guy in lime green shirt shown
building is first shown
zoom in on the phone
camera goes to the bigscreens
baby walks a couple steps
camera shows lady in red for the first time
person wearing blue sitting at table exits view
the crosswalk exits view
when the video first shows a tree to the left.
when kid is first pushed on to the ground by the other.
when person in front of the camera sits up.
crane releases its load
child looks to her right
a bride and groom kissing near the water.
a little boy chasing a walking tent.
child in second row on the far right tilt head to the left.
a pink light appears
camera zoms in on racing caor game
the camera noticeably wobbles a bit
the blue haze dissipates.
the man drinks from the container.
the baby without clothes playing in the water
the child does a handstand.
camera starts to pan right
camera pans left and bus disappears, then barely seen at end
camera pans to the left
view goes from water back to lady
tv is first seen
there are now two flamingos on the white square
man exits view
baby is handed a bottle
bulldozer picks up 2nd scoop of dirt
camera zooms in on sleeping dog
white car in front brake light come on
zoom in on trees
red beetle first seen
man in khaki pants, blue shirt, and can walks into street.
the head of the horse being ridden come into the picture.
zoom into aquarium starts
woman working moves out of view.
water splashes the camera lens
two people enter from right.
woman in yellow coat walks up and sits on steps
woman in white jacket holds a paper up to her face
skin diving fins can be seen waving in the water
using both, then one hand on bottom row.
the lady is standing next to the man.
the man throws the dog into the pool
there are no trees plants or greenery in the frame
woman in black dress kisses man in suit's cheeks
no camera movement
we see something similar to a tv screen for the first time
little girls bag is not in hand
woman and child walk passed view
there is a man wearing a blue shirt leaning over a table
the dog first appears
the sidewalk first comes into view
we can see what the person is playing on the screen better
person in yellow coat and blue helmet appears for first time
person standing on something in middle of stage steps down
first view of a tree with snowy branches
lady waves to camera.
something falls into the water in the pond.
someone touching an electric crystal ball.
man lifts a paper up to cover his face
wheels start folding up
blue object first appears in lower right corner
person lets go of the lighted object and it starts to go up
small blue light first appears under center of green lights
flag with red star first appears
dog runs down yellow and red ramp
little boy runs quickly past camera.
man holds bottle up in the air for first time and drinks.
one first seen talking into microphone.
group of people seen running for first time.
the otter swims in a circle.
the ducks walk the aisle, and up the stairs.
the car immediately bears right.
the man begins writing.
a ball is thrown in the air.
the front of the train comes into view.
blue marker starts moving rapidly from right to left
toothpick first appears
woman bends over and picks up some snow.
the people begin running
we are looking in the window
the man leans in to talk to the woman.
cat behind brown thing first looks left
man's profile is shown
an arm is putting lighter to wheel.
baby lifts foot up and puts hand to mouth
the bird flies to the tree.
a woman with a camera is blowing a green whistle.
the baby has its mouth on the railing.
the wing moves past another, red-tailed plane.
guy in white shirt first shown
we see a red square appear
airplane faces towards us for the first time
yellow kitty litter container shown for the first time
littlest girl starts to jump and spin
text first appears briefly
ballerinas spinning on stage.
guy showing his t-shirt while talking to camerra.
guy sticks both thumbs in the air and smiles
fire gets smaller
big fish swims by the camera
purple umbrella leaves to the left
red cup rolls towards trashcan
guy in white with black pants has his arm up
we see someone pull the machine for the first time
we see someone walk up to frame
when the boy first walks into the grass patch
the brightest lights on top floor of the tallest building are lit
a person is seen for the first time
man exits view
the boat goes under a bridge.
couple begins kissing.
person standing next to a bench comes into view for first time
we pass the group standing in the street
we first see the digital screen
first vehicle goes by really fast
sign is first seen dangling
feet first step away
the crane drops the object.
blue first appears in the bottom corner
girl removes her purse
two people in black walk left to right
zooms in on the panda bear
this appears to be a clip of police chase, the fleeing vehicle and two police cars drive down the street and lights are flashing.
we pass illuminated trees
we first see big water spot on the shore
house first appears
we first see graffiti with blue and white letters
woman in white touches her hair with her left hand
man grabs the white wood
white car is parked in the background
we first see screen up close
boathouse first appears
red and yellow train engine passes out of view
first time we see the diver
man with a bull horn waks by
red bottle falls off
the man in the green shirt enters, and exits the hole.
the black dog runs away to start.
the kid strikes the ball.
kitten in the kennel licking it's paw
robot moves arms in the form of an 's'
man walking towards the camera
man in white first gets low to the ground.
little girl walks away from the toys for first time.
dog runs up to person
camera pans right to show the room
no birds are visible toward end of frame
blue g appears
zoom in to people under tent.
hand enters from bottom front of frame
finger touches ball for the first time.
the car to the right lights the breaks.
the petrified wood begins to disappear.
a girl steps off the curb.
first time we see the guy in white shrug his shoulders
we first see workers up close
baby grabs brown stuffed toy with both hands
we can see pink flowers
guy fawkes mask guy walks by
green exit sign is first seen
red head is shaking head
red jeep passes by
man has both hands behind back.
person runs up onto the stage
they first open a door
camera zooms in on fire ants
lady in red dress bows and turns to walk back
person in white shirt enters view form right
couple first kiss
first time fireworks can be seen.
group of four umbrellas can be seen
camera pans to the left to show docked boat.
swimmer against the wall on right begins swimming
car passes under green light
car passes suv at intersection next to a sign
girl picks up bass
girl in red spins onto the stage
door studs first appear
the camera zooms back.
the big dog enters the frame.
the man begins strumming.
the black and white one is pushed over off the pile.
baby trying to be tickled.
child points
the moving train has completely passed the still train
child begins to run down the road
we see a person in red running away
seahorse starts to swim away
bird lands on feeder for first time
lady adjusts the girls pink shirt
person in white bends down to pick something up
meat lands on table
person first comes into view
first two girls squat down with hands on stage
hand for pets dog
engine of train becomes fully visible for first time
baby's hand reaches out in front of camera
boat passes out of view for first time
the adult dog can be seen.
a woman is walking towards a tree.
zooming in on fish
some water splashes up at us
child first starts swimming
we pass under the traffic lights
woman enters frame right
the cabin at its most complete
baby begins to yawn
two people walk by the camera
the sled gets stuck, and has to be pulled out.
the first wave recedes.
the man first starts patting the cat
the boy waves.
they rotate the camera
they pan over to the wall.
the man picks up the bike.
boy in red waves at camera
we see the whole lake for the first time
the front of the bike falls into the water
the camera zooms in
the boat comes into view
the artist paints the hair of her drawing
a baby lifts him self with his arms.
first time we see waves rolling in
first time we see a bird bath
first time we see the drums
the camera pans down to what the girl is showing.
a limb comes into the frame briefly.
the boy sticks his tongue out.
we first go under the water
brown leaves first appear
white board is first shown
yellow cab passes
camera flips over
first time we pass a car on the left
camera pans left to show a women with short hair videoing
camera shows a silver object
the bird pecks the bird, and walks away
the brown and whit ehmapster runs freely, and then the two white hampsters jump on.
the parents begin applauding.
green firework turns red.
camera begins to spin.
person tickles the baby.
someone flies by the camera waving their arms wildly
boy in green ducks
there are close to no clouds
hands pick up a rubik's cube.
the man places both hands on his head
man in cloak receives trophy
skier passes camera
ocean comes into view
camera straightesn out
tall pole comes into view
man in front first holds up camera
zooms out from tree
a river bank with a large boat going by in the background.
mulch being loaded into a truck bed.
cat looks left
camera shifts
we see the driver for the first time
kid in white and green squats down for the first time
camera shifts to a girl and then a guy in a black hoodie
child first tries to blow out candles
we first see someone in a mostly white shirt
dog scratches at ice or object on deck
animal first looks down
guy in white sits up
kids spinning in circles
the person finally jumps of the platform.
the camera pans to the trees.
the shaky camera begins to film the penguin.
a man in black walks over to the group and then turns, sits down, and rest his elbows on his knees.
one girl in a white jacket can be scene, then the crowd down the walkway, then three people lying down side by side.
feet in flippers appear and the just as quickly disappear.
guy in orange runs towards the camera
a duck on the water turns to the right and flies away.
a man on a bicycle enters the scene.
the dog's legs are shown for the first time.
guitarist in the middle begins moving
man puts item back on the shelf
man in plaid holding face bends over
we approach and pass the second pole in these frames
the only guy wearing a red shirt stands up.
the man puts on his backpack.
blanket comes off the childs face for the first time
man in suit with blue tie looks down
conductor (in blue) touches his hat
zoom in on one panda
guy with yellow pants first stands up
first car drives past
camera shifts to the water for the first time
people in red and black start marching
little girl touches llama
there are words by the bird
the cat puts its paws on the screen.
the woman with the cowboy hat returns her head inside.
the eagle has landed'
the first cat approaches and chases the other.
you can see the water flowing through the ice
camera man raises camera above his head.
kid in green walks to side of swing
a dancer steps to the back of the stage as a second dancer crawls onto the dance floor feet first.
we see words in these frames
person in yellow sleeves walks by
girl on right pulls phone out of back pocket
passing over a body of water
woman in purple shirt stirs
frame goes from flamingos to orange fish
man with bookbag over shoulder and plaid shirt walks away quickly.
we first see the brick of the building
man in white walks to the left of the stage
man in red passes by
man jumps to turn around just as the camera turns too
person in blue shirt appears
women sits down on the bench
two men in black walk past
the camera zooms in on the panda eating
one woman in black shirt passes in front of dancers
a third person enters in the bottom right of frame
a gray car drives by
the dancers are shown on the jumbotraun.
the baby begins to clap.
the camera pans back over the water after filming the people.
spinning dancers are lowered to stage
feet come into view
first movement of black dot in aquarium near bottom center
stage goes dark
little girl first begins to run away.
part of the video where the blue neon sign is first seen at the bottom of video.
when the person in the white shirt first appears on screen.
when the guy moving the rubric cube first picks up the cube.
the man in a white shirt,and green tie, enters, and exits.
the cameraman strolls by on a scooter.
the hand pushes the child.
a white car is enters the scene.
a man steps forward.
a car or bicycle is seen.
a camera flashes.
the plane ascends upwards.
picture changes from people on the stage to men playing trumpets
the baby stands up for the first time
the sign is shown on the front of the tractor.
the objects fly to the left quickly
person pulling the sled passes by the camera
man begins patting cat
man in hat is first visible
both dogs disappear out of view briefly
man in blue raises his arms up
boy is first seen playing the piano
both motorcycles go out of view on the right
the man spins his finger in a circle pointing at his other hand.
people are shown in the chapel
girl steps onto first step of ladder
we first look down on street
three skiers pass
cat first looks at camera
from child in orange back to child in gray
lady spreads butter on her plate
baby touches the mirror
camera shifts sideways
we see a woman with short hair smiling
most amount of the shore is visible
bird first flies in and lands on bird bath
we first see the drums
hand is trying to feed baby
we first see who all she is speaking too
person put a ball of of food in pot with a spoon
person on the right walks to the person on the left
two horses walk right away from the orange cone
camera zooms in on baby's head
person in pink shirt stands up and dances, then leaves frame
kid dances towards the camera then back
angry woman gets held back by police officer
the side screens turn and orange hue.
the cat shakes his head side to side.
pole passes through scene
first time animal takes a step
first time fireworks lanuch
the cat starts playing with its toy
the lady dances for a moment
the person lifts the pink blanket upwards off the baby the first time
the little girl walks toward the camera
the man on the far left shifts his position
the person with the grey shirt sits down
swimming otter arrives
first duck gets to stairs
red car passes us
person in white shirt leaves while drinking
baby puts thumb in mouth.
the speedometer lights up, and the dash is filmed.
orange lights come into view
first time cymbal is played
christmas tree comes into view
young girl comes into view
zoom in to show only the two larger fish
camera pans right and we no longer see the lady
water sprays up and hits camera
babies parts lips from closed
a person sits on the wall kicking their legs
camera zooms in on animal behind grass.
pianist wipes his face with his hand
dog first begins to play with hose
dogs chase the ball thrown to the sea
creek rapids are shown.
a father is showing off his baby's outfit.
a girl in yellow shows something to a girl in pink.
view with most water
we first see five peopel then camera pans to left to show another
purple petal passes the crack in the rocks
boy first shakes his booty
woman in blue jacket uses air quotes
man with mic looks towards camera for the first time
a second bowl is shown
robot does a zig zag movement with arms
a person is walking down a hall
red words are on screen
girl rolls pink bowling ball
man turns to face the screen and then points at it
camera zooms in on the baby crying
the device pulls him back.
the guitarist stretches out his arm
the camera first pans away from the car.
closer look at man
woman raises her arm
info board comes into view
person in blue jacket leans over to right for first time
woman grabs child and starts walking her off
text is seen in lower right corner.
shark passes two scuba divers.
screen changes to just the woman
camera first zooms in close enough to see christ on the top
object on the right is not in view in these frames
child steps up onto the step for the first time
man stops playing and looks up
kids raise hands and put them together then drop them.
dark haired girl on left waves
person briefly steps one foot into stream
lady first points
map first comes into view
darker cat disappears
cat puts nose right at camera
girl in hat leans back in train
bird land on arm
2nd cat jumps up on cat shelf and both cats jump off
a little girl touching a llama.
black umbrella is seen on right
a cat in the kitchen.
first time camera pans left
the people on the bench leave to view
dog stands up and looks for the people
cat looks toward camera for first time
wire seen on right of frame for first time
baby reaches for pink bubble wand
sun is most visible
the ivy plant gets blown by wind
boy in red shirt waves.
dancers turn to face audience.
front tire of bike is in water.
roller skaters first come towards the camera
person in blue walks in front of the camera and up to the stage
first put up a map picture
colorful swirling lights first seen across front of stage.
baby looks at camera and smiles for first time.
car passes second lamp post and approaches buildings.
cat is pawing at something on tv
we start looking at the rear of train
bird lands on arm
cat starts chasing the other
camera pans up to the sign above
a kid runs out of the play house
camera zooms way out
we see a person stand up and start walking to the front
large black bird pecking at a smaller white bird.
man sits down at desk.
no people are in frame.
the woman sits at the piano.
the boy walks onto the rug.
dog runs from water up to person
zooms in on duck in the water
b fades away and turns to g
we first see mountain up close
we first see three on the balcony's
we first see a dragon shaking his tail
angel statue becomes visible for first time
animallooks up for first time
batter hits home plate for first time
camera pans left to show yellow lights
first time we see a person
first time we see others on the jumpy thing
camera zooms in to the scrren
camera zooms in to show a man behind the steel pole hitting something
woman briefly covers green stuff frog.
pink flowers can be seen
person wearing yellow pants is first visible
the boat is first visible
the dog starts to look to its right
the man pulls the cheese in half
a baby boy in the stream points and waves at the camera.
the little girl stands on her head.
front of train first passes by
person reaches the bottom
dog starts licking its paw
baby reaches for camera.
bird flies up and lands in tree on left
fire becomes visible
baby starts biting crib rail
tower in background goes completely out of view
camera starts to zoom in
we see a man i a white hat
boy looks in a microscope for the first time
drivers hair becomes visible at bottom of frame
people are first visible
first time cat turns head toward camera
first time lecturer steps toward screen
first time tiny train crosses trestle
both dancers start to dance the same way to the right
camera pans to show 2 women
man with sign is first seen up close
ceiling is first seen
the parking lot next to the building is fully visible
the car burns rubber and smoke wafts up
the baby sits down
the long-haired woman smiles
boy looks in microscope
clip starts with a white walmart truck
camera pans right to show people on a diving board
camera zones in near the peak of the mountain.
sun is seen shining brightly in the sky.
a woman is seen wearing a yellow skirt.
a person wearing a red top is seen riding a bike.
second child passes in front of child with iv pole.
man tilts bottle all the way back.
first view of crowd of people running.
bouncy castles towers spring upright.
girl releases bowling ball into first lane.
speaker is gesturing at screen.
close up on baby's adorable face.
lady finally lets go
green trees disappear from view
penguins are first closest in view
the top of a person's head is visible
bird flies in and lands on top of a cabinet
man in plaid adjusts the strap for his bag behind his back
man lifts his head up in front of camera
person is scratching baby's belly area
woman in chair is pulled backwards.
waves nearly touch animal tracks on shore.
a long white barn passes by
a man in background sets things on the table.
mainly green fireworks
first see the tracks
dog reaches person
first time audience is zeen
zoom in on bird
goso
train ends
person gets off wall
dog first licks paws
seahorse first begins to drift away from camera
we first see the bird fly onto feeder
woman in blue scarf begins dancing with the child
camera zooms all the way in the paper
first time we see houses
we see a man in blue walk past the red car
the camera zooms in on the birds and the black thing on the left leaves the frame
the man does a thumbs up and a rocker sign
yellow sign in bottom first appears
man in blue first appears
first set of donuts rolls off the machine
animal runs away
we see a guy walk by from right to left
lights first turn red
we first see the girl in reds backside
a man with a black shirt on a white motorcycle crosses to the right
camera zooms in on only the screen
from the bicycle tire to the road straight ahead
someone in grey walks by as the squirrel eats
the opening change from blue to red.
the woman releases her dress.
little girl types on computer.
we first see the vehicle pulling this trailor
camera first zooms in
camera first zooms in on roof
woman in pink points to her left arm
zoom in on mountains
we begin to look at the second person playing on the balcony
we see the dragon for the first time
individual stands up and looks over a man's shoulder
man in black shirt and blue jeans walks on to the stage
little boy falls back into chair
baby stands up in crib
bikes on right leave view for a moment
first time girl looks up at camera
man in red hat stands up
black dog runs away for first time
first blue machine becomes visible on right
man swings golf club for first time
man lifts barbell and holds it at thigh level
dog walks off from woman holding it
man in white shirt enters from left
camera zooms in on one guy
blue lights leave the right of the screen
cat stands up
two people on platform hug each other
we see the man talking
zooms in a description of the rosetta stone
car turns corner in time lapse video.
two men flash the peace sign
a cyclist nearly crashes with the camera
a black and white cat licks itself
baby clapping fastly in her highchair
only the birds and water are visible.
man flashes thumbs up with hand then puts that hand back in pocket.
woman in yellow coat walks by with group of people
girl on right takes phone out of pocket and holds it up
water first becomes visible below plane wing
man in bowler hat stand on mountain
dogs sniff floor to find treats
two guys dance
a bright light illuminates the side of the piano
the camera shifts to show the building on the left hand side.
guy on bike ride from right to left
car starts shifting to the left
the man runs into the table.
the motorcycle pulls up beside the cars, and drives away.
we can see to columns in the ground.
person starts playing.
mouse on it's back.
thge man films the piano player.
little girl falls down while singing in choir.
the sky can be seen.
a couple walks by.
the man is trying to kick-start the motorcycle.
the license plate on the back is visible
big dog comes in from the back and stops at little dog
man starts plucking guitar
rodent flips over while fighting for something in the corner
white puppies runs away
orange-shirted person walks on dirt
a doorway in the background shows a greenish-white light
peaks on left pass out of camera.
least amount of fish.
man in black not on the scene.
the front of two houses can be seen as camera pans right
the nature scene fades to black
zoom in on animal.
land first becomes visible at bottom of frame
person with green shirt is seen.
woman is seen for the first time.
girls in dress whispers something to other girl.
clock leaves to view for a moment
first time we see white balls being added
first time we see the structure on the right
red dump truck goes right to left
camera pans left to show the greenery
first time camera quickly pans left
cat moves to left and grabs at string
text on screen changes
train goes over bridge
person in white shirt seen for the first time
first time a person passes by on bicycle
jet stops moving backwards
the cat on the bed is done grooming
momma first appears
we first start to look upwards
person in reflection stands up.
man in black walks across stage.
child walks to adult.
child turns to look at camera.
cat gets up and looks at camera for first time
first flames shoot up from bottom of spaceship
person runs by from right to left
the girl in the pink hat looks over the trees.
the captain solutes the train as it passes by.
two kids wearing black run down the hill.
the man in a red baseball cap looks up at the tall building.
turtle stops and turns to his left
first time camera zooms in
we can see a white car pass behind the women
skier is closest to us
child in chair first starts moving backwards.
man in middle takes pick from top of guitar.
man in white shirt can first be seen.
a person waving a checkered flag is first seen
camera zooms out from smoke
person's hands are visible
dog turns to the right side and walks
a snowboarder makes a small swerve
the cat ducks out of view
a boy in an orange shirt is seen riding the carousel
first time we see the speaker shake head no
house is in view on right
red train engine passes on our left
man on road disappears from view on right
text fades out
woman waves
text appears then disappears
two boys playing with swords.
camera starts to pan right
first time we see people
first time we see something yellow
the engine passes view
fire almost goes out.
child sprays the brick wall.
tall building goes dark.
a person with a white surfboard almost clashes with a person with a red surfboard.
the girl in a pink shirt enters the scene for the first time.
a man wearing a black baseball cap enters the scene with his back to the camera.
women in pink enters from the right
man in sweater inters the frame
when the video passes underneath the bridge and emerges from the other side.
when the bride and groom initially kiss while the camera zooms in.
we can see the trees for first time
we see the first for first time
camera pans all the way left to show inside
when person in white first lights the thing in their hands on fire.
when the worm first finally begins to move away.
when the stand person first bends down to their right to pick something up.
when the person in orange first takes a step closer to the camera.
we first see bicylist
camera zooms in on guy with microphone
guy first walks out on stage
first time the lady laying down moves
person in a black unitard with a skeleton passes in front
camera moves left to show lady in purple
purple flower is closest to camera
screen shifts from 4 guys to guys playing trumpets
baby stands up in the corner for the first time
car passes under stop light
woman first appears on stage
people first appear
man is green jacket with hood and cigarette is standing by
a messy table with white table cloth is shown.
a little girl in purple turns around
women cheerleader does the splits.
girl stands on her head with a ball between h er feet
camera starts to pan right
first time the arm thing moves up
girl in front appears to fall down briefly
we first look up at tower
purple glare is visible
screen first goes to splitscreen
we look over to the big tree trunk
one of the people fighting kicks the door almost closed
girl in red hoodie sits up
blue to yellow lights
ride starts going around
dog first appears
we first see a warning sign
we look at the radio for a moment
first time we see person wearing a pink shirt
someone kicks at the toy
dog licks baby's hand.
snowflakes pass overhead on large video screen
man walks by in art gallery.
yellow flag exits view
zoom in on dinosaurs
zoom out and then zoom in
we see an adults hand rub babys chest
dog turns around and walks toward camera
flames appear in each hand of man in center of stage.
driver is visible.
man hands second stick to child.
we see a red sleeve in the picture
we see a girl also
when the video first zooms out from the smoke.
when the wiener dog first turns away from the spot he was sniffing initially.
the belly dancer flips her hair before climbing onto the stage.
a red wall is first visible
person wearing pink dress walks out of view
otter runs to the left
a lazy cat enjoys the sun and paws at the camera when it's being bothered.
a man walks down the stairs
people are standing
speaker first begins using her hand when speaking
a white light on the right pans out towards audiance
train first apears
text appears then disappears
person in bright green shorts can be seen behind bird
camera passes something covered with a yellow tarp on right.
boy in green turns his head toward camera first time.
baby puts hand up to mouth.
the camera zooms in on the stage
small skier passes the larger one
someone waves their hand in front of the camera
sky is cloudless until very end of frame
woman spinning with both arms up
bird goes through the bars and back out
the three people come into view in front of us
cat begins to meow
boy in orange shirt seen the first time
bear looks up chewing
top of tall building disappears from view
a girl points at a book.
a mile marker is passed on the right.
the boy lifts his arm.
camera shifts from singer
red car passes behind guy
when the video transitions upwards to show the person in front of it on the road.
when the tennis player on the right first serves and begins the match for the video.
part of the video when the guy in the black and white shirt takes arms of tables and rest them by his side.
man disappears from view
the baby takes a drink.
the machine drops the dirt.
a stool is seen on a table.
camera shifts to a group of people watching
guy hits cymbal for the first time
stove is first shown
person in blue first shown
the cat bats at the toy and then stops before rapidly moving its' head back and forth repeatedly.
the clouds move in a way so that at one point, nearly one-forth of the sky is cloudless.
someone first walks by close
little girl first comes into view
land first disappears from view
a hand first comes into view
person puts food in babies mouth.
we can see the men on the right side of the room.
a steam train on a bridge.
two people driving a boat.
someone walks in front of the camera.
a lighted window flashes.
water drips from a gutter.
a woman points to her arm.
person in white hat turns to the left very quickly
the cat's eyes are most open
something is shown in right corner
first time we see dog licking baby
first time camera pans to the right
person in blue shirt and red hat leaves the view
man in white shirt puts hand up in air and swings stick around
something orange is seen in distance
only slide where you can see someone's face
ladder is seen close up.
goose appears on the left
view goes from the beach to the sunset
guy flips the pages and then shows the front cover of the book
fireworks light up the night sky as a show ensues near the water.
the man bends, and grasps the bar.
the dog moves to the man.
the baby grabs the dog's tail.
some rocks come into view on the foreground.
girl first appears
silver car is passed
we first view horizon
animal looks to the left.
item is separated.
girl on right spins around.
the lady wearing a yellow shirt turns to the left towards the camera smiling.
a pond enters the scene.
camera pans to your right
first time we see the dog licking the cat
we see a green flare between fireworks
child starts turning sideways in machine
a man with glasses appears
first time we see the yellow shirt ' red top
first time we can see buildings in background
pass a vehicle under a yellow tarp
boy turns to look at camera
first drum in seen on screen
baby stands up
the first car passes.
the person on the left briefly lowers their camera.
person with red umbrella comes into the picture
camera zooms in and out on the screen
the first time the camera is raised
woman being wheeled around is turned around
water first rolls in
we see what looks like a row of trees in these two frames
blanket is brought away from baby's face for the first time
first close up of little girl
man in middle opens and closes hands for the first time
man in train appears to grab something out of a box
zoom in and out
engine cowling comes into view
coach starts to drink from orange jug
the boy throws hishands up,and down
the train comes around the bend.
the child starts to return back.
we look at person's face briefly
the old cannon first comes into view
person puts slab of butter onto their plate.
camera turns sideways and zooms in on baby.
the camera focuses.
the person turns back away to the sea.
train passes from the other direction
screen turns red
baby bird first open its mouth wide
baby crawls toward back of the crib for a moment
camera zooms in and zooms back out
camera zooms in on the snowy mountain top
boy in jersey raises green sign above his head
when the drummer in the middle back can first be seen in the video.
when the video finally transitions to a proceeding of women.
when the camera begins moving forward on the table.
the man is playing a guitar with his head down then he raises his head and his arm
camera zooms in on the children singing
white and green things move for the first time
we can see the people on the mountain.
we see the marchers from behind.
cat runs away from toy and comes back to it.
flames begin to burst from bottom of rocket.
base of waterfall is no longer visible.
first look down, and then down at, the road
fade to black
the camera shakes and drops, before it ends.
guy with the red umbrella and black clothes disappears from view
camera zooms in on people and then shifts to the screen
we see the road in front of the bike for the first time
boxing match with large gloves.
lady walking backwards for the first time
boy in blue stands up
zooms in on blue in the girl shirt
first time dancer brings arms out
bird changes to face forward
camera pans right to where we see no more colored spotlights
text first appears
motorcycle disappears from view
the derrick lifts up for the first time
man in yellow pants appears for first time
dog looks up and to the left
man splits cheese wheel and takes half off the table.
the people behind the camera are seen cheering
first time kid jumps
camera pans up to show other tea cups spinnning
camera pans left away from bridge
first time lights flash
a view of a mans legs sitting in the passanger seat.
a boy is looking up in the air.
car passes hill.
man first tickles cat's head.
bagpipe player takes a step back.
performer gets behind orange pants man and starts dancing.
first cannon fires
child on his back reaches out.
first time we see the ducks on the road
first time we see the sun setting
first time water starts to flow
first time we see the man flip through book
we see a boy in blue on the right bowl
close up of baby
we first see the screen up close
man's scarf begins to blow in the wind
person with backpack is first seen
woman in lower left corner looks down.
hose moves for first time and sprays the dog
dog picks up the object thrown in the water and starts running back on beach.
dog walks past daper baby
batteries on display in a field.
yellow flag leaves our view to the right
camera pans right away from lady to show a lake
zoom in so no longer can see red sign
graphs on a monitor.
woman and small child walk past on a path.
we first see yellow decorative lights hung
we see a man in hat with digital camera
we first see other children jumping on something
camera first zooms in on large screen
man lifts baby up into the air.
dog begins to run around on bed.
child in red shirt is first seen.
snowboarder in blue leaves the frame
bike passes a group of bikes from the left
women in white begins to talk
person enters frame briefly
we first see a parade of lights
child first looks at the camera
we see someone in a blue shirt
first time black bird lifts head
only the lighter hamster running on wheel
we see the lady on the left stand up for the first time
camera pans to look out passenger window
first time a car passes us
first time we see the globe of lights
the bus passes three dirt mounds on the ground
the umps run past each other.
old large clocks on a building.
a woman making a snowball.
man in red vest is going all around room
the plane in the sky is coming down and the crowd can be seen
the camera zooms in or closes in on the fish tank
the camera pans left away from the window
both cats are looking directly into camera
a blond head can be seen near camera on the right
man with stroller walks past ring of death
when the tv on the ground is first shown in the video.
when the man buried in the sand first takes a bite out of the food.
the person serving food walks to the left and leans over
the person in a red shirt walks in and grabs the baby moving it back
the camera pans slightly left
the camera first turns sideways
man on far right sits down
person picks up backpack
smaller dog stops briefly on right side of poles
person carrying the flag is walking.
a person runs in the front lane.
man puts the meat on the bread.
we can see the cat on the ground.
bird first flys into birdbath
camera shifts to drum with red bird foot on it
the slobber drips from the babies mouth onto the floor, zoomed in.
a man in yellow vest is visible.
the island to the right is not yet visible
the woman goes back to painting.
he puts on glasses
boat first comes into view
it looks like an eye
the panda on the left leans forward and acquires a stick of bamboo.
the person with the yellow sweatshirt wrapped around their waist stands up.
we can now see what is cooking in the large pot better
scuba diver first comes into view
the two people first come into view
the drummer is first seen
a red train is passing by on a bridge.
man throws dog into pool.
a woman wearing glasses is shown talking for the first time.
we can see the food bowl.
planes pass camera.
camera turns on side.
blue shirt runs by
first time we see a yellow dragon
camera starts to zoom in
camera starts to pan left
the child first trips over the wheels.
the man chugs till he spits some out.
the mans head behind the singer comes fully into focus
the race is on, and just started running.
the man lights an object in his palm on fire
the worm sprints towards the grass
the dj grabs a new disc and puts it in his machine
the man walks away from the tank
two cars drive down a road.
dashboard lights up inside of a vehicle.
man riding a scooter with a large collection of balloons, passes a blue parking sign.
first time otter looks to your left
man in white shirt shifts to your right
both kids start to spin around
first see the turtle
zooms in on the big white screen
white car turns the corner
skier first starts going down the hill
man talking shifts side to side
only 1 performer is visible
person in blue walks in front of the camera
the robots begin moving
robots first collide with each other
first zoom
first view out the window
red headed woman enters frame
man lights fireworks then runs off
duck flies off
person with large rainbow flag walks by with bike
first frame that shows dog's legs under water
both dancers kick out their right leg and side step to the right of the frame
the camera pans right and the audience is seen
the person shakes or fiddles with the newspaper on the left side of the frame
the race starts.
the person films inside the building.
the yellow flash goes around the float.
the baby picks up the blanket,and slams down his hands
the car passes a person in a blue shirt.
white dog runs off
green engine passes us
we can see two people for first time
camera starts to pan right
the first time the shearer lets go of a leg
no animal seen in start of frame
people enter from left of frame
baby throws the ball at person
look out over the river
kitten sticks it head in food bowl.
person wearing the white hat is first visible
person takes drink of bottle
lights turn from blue
we see massive ant pile at its closest
woman bows and turns
another student first appears
woman in blue takes a small step
babies mouth is open wide for the first time
we first see two people walking towards camera
the otter standing on his hind legs
the camera zooms in on the little girl walking into the hallway
the baby is looking right and then she bows her head down
the person put their blue sandal on the brown dog to stop it
the fireworks with green in the center appear
we see the water stream for the first time
we see the top of the skyscraper
the camera zooms on the singer.
the boy touches his face.
the person in white on the stairs is not moving his arm
bike passes a man on right carrying a red cooler.
girl in pink dress stops dancing and looks at girl in white and pink shirt
child pushes a blue and white car into a room for the first time
green bus passes on left
screen turns to red
first view of birds eating
baby crawls to back side of crib
something flies in front of camera
stairs are visible
lady with hair in a bun touches her head briefly
boy with tie die shirt first seen
wheels come off ground
side of bridge first comes into view
the light is farthest from camera
a yellow and red umbrella passes by
ruler starts at 10
a hand holding a black box dumps stuff out
person bends over and picks up snowball
man wearing a hood walks by camera
man in 33 hat puts his hand to face
yellow taxi cabs are visible
a car drives through the intersection the camera is facing
boy in blur knocks over the boy in red
two people in red skirts approach the smoke
camera zooms in on man in blue talking
metal thing seen up close
blue lights change colors
dancer in silver hat leaves view
bird being chased by girl files for a little bit
girl drops ball
girl first walks offscreen
3 jump over some people bent on the ground
hand starts petting dog
cat first bites the toy
sun glare on lady first goes away
woman smooths her hair as she walks through the doorway and into the room.
a modern building with a white roof slowly comes into view and and slowly leaves again.
a baby sitting in highchair with a yellow sippy cup, spreads her arms wide apart
lady in red reaches top of stairs
we first see the top of the building
fade in from black
they pan up to the sand bar in the water.
the camera moves back and forth showing the umbrella
camera pans up to the ceiling
cat looks up for first time
batter doesnt swing at the ball that is thrown
waves hit the shore
child starts kicking feet
chin massage begins
first time we see a yellow chair
first time girl taps on glass
we look up at the mountain
boy in blue jersey sits down from standing up
man in white shirt exits view for first time
man gives thumbs up.
screen goes to the white page first time.
boy pulls out coat.
a boy standing in front of a window.
chair with red jacket appears
we see the guys face for the first time
man performs dead lift.
people in purple robes are in church
a yellow flower is on the ground
group gathers togehter
something blue is on left
he grabs microphone
woman takes folder out of gray case
an asian man stands up and leaves the area.
first car drives by
crane drops whatever it was holding and it falls down
baby looks to the left side of the screen
baby smacks the toy table and pouts
see a little boy stand up and walk away
the camera pans left to watch the train move
the child in blue is closest to the camera person
man stands up with blonde child in his arms
man in yellow jacket and cap walks into crowd
camera pans over to show the person in front of the boat
someone enters the view from the left
boy leaves the room to the right
mans gets on the motorcycle
we walk past a red car
first time we see water rush in
person in chair scooter gets to red rope on right and turns around slowly
sign on lizards tail is visible
the man gives a thumbs up.
the man wins, and the screen turns white.
the boy starts unwrapping a gift.
the man in the white t-shirt takes a seat.
the woman in pink picks up the backpack off the ground and slings it round to her back.
an animal is seen walking on the road.
a woman waving her hand.
a whale seen breaching the water.
person pets cat.
we pass the white truck.
person was drinking from beer bong.
three cars on the left pass.
we see a large puddle on the sand.
person falls.
we are passing the ladder on the pole.
we first see people
blue sign is first visible
person first holds bottle up and takesdrink.
a hand is help up swinging on left
man in white looks back
guy pours a yellow bottle in hand
camera shifts view for the first time
light goes from one to two.
boy walks into the grass
lights go completely out in the tall building
view jumps to a close up
nothing but sky ' planes in these clips
man begins crawling into cave
finger points at deep sea creature
woman with glasses waves
man in glasses with toddler turns his back
splash on right side of water
cat knocked off foot
camera flash first seen
a galaxy is seen close up
blue clouds turn to white
man pulls hand back from something and puts it on guitar.
the girls are by the radio.
boy in sunglasses has his arms up
the zoom closeup beside the professor.
the wine label is zoomed close, than pulled away from.
the man in orange walks away picking his nose.
people are walking through lot
man sits down
woman puts paper by her face
full flippers swim by
picture of people on stage first appears.
child puts hands on the keyboard.
the woman takes the gift card and sets it down.
a man can be seen walking fast, from right to left, in the background.
an empty section of seating to the speaker's right, as he faces the audience, can be seen.
lady drops the dough ball in water
the person on the right moves closer to the other person
black and dark brown horse are both now going to your right
camera zooms in to baby
guy with party hat starts dancing
small boy points for first time at fish
woman with black shirt and red purse turns around and walks away
man with blue cap walks in front of cheerleaders
guitar player of right moves from center of stage to right
child takes hand away from face
kid with red hair first shown
girl in pink first shown
girl first shown
we see the entire body of the guy with the red hat
black dog runs to the right for the first time
camera first moves to the blue video games
guy swings putter
close up of chinese letters on window
fireworks begin on the screen
we see large umbrella's
we first see a different boat on our left
man in black point at object on the ground
the school bus is followed as it passes.
the boy begins to speak.
the camera pans to the singer.
the camera pans back over the crown it had just filmed.
clock goes out of view then comes back in view
some balls drop into a basket for the first time
greenhouse becomes visible on right for first time
train carts first change to wheel like items
climber first reaches up with left arm
dog is sniffing around then begins to lick paws
first time cat looks into camera
girl moves to top of podium
first time man leaves frame
bikes first enter the frame
machine begins to move
we first walk passed others
motorcycle drives by
woman next to podium steps out of view
man walks from screen down catwalk
fireworks appear to have stopped.
we see a chapel type building.
a smaller boat is seen along side of us.
man in hat first gestures towards strange object.
the man begins dancing on all fours,and continues.
the camera pans up from a blue hat.
man starts going up sheep's back for first time with sheers
the kangaroo's tail moves on ground.
people walk through debri
man on the far left throws bowling ball
man on the far left jumps in excitement
a lot of junk is visible on the bridge in the beginning
baby is clapping and then jerks their head back around
baby looks up at camera
when you first see the ducks
a woman with red hair and black jacket appears
woman in black tank top first becomes visible
front of car faces camera then starts turning to left of frame
first view of water splashing against rocks.
woman on cart stops while facing right of frame
baby stands up and looks at camera
we see the entire arm of the crane
shifts to the right of the dog
float begins to move
window with flickering lights comes into view
we first see rain spout up close
lady first looks at camera
the first reflections glare of the window
the man sprays the tires of the car.
the woman bending touches the babies face.
small horse with no rider walks by
woman in red shirt hold ferns to face leaves view to right.
someone walks in front of camera
kid starts rocking the bin
good view of the beach
hand begins touching dog
screen changes from two people to just the woman
first zoom in to painting at top of wall
black object on right goes out of view first time
little girl grabs bars with both hands and steps up on first step.
children wrestling on the floor
person in blue looking over the side of the train
woman begins to swing
we first see a brown/tan building
man licks lips.
we can see the bare tree on the right.
singer wipes face.
camera zooms in on kangeroos and we no longer see red house
we first see something like a string dangling
vehicle behind the plane begins to move
person walks into the water and turns towards camera
the skaters pass by us teh first time
they put a sign on the wall
we see a person's hands for the first time
baby looks at camera
we see a fish
someone with what looks like a light walks through the view
a chunk of snow is placed on top of more snow
we first see the crowding reduce
the man walks away
the host is shown in purple.
the red flower bounces off the wall.
person in red disapears
camera shifts to papercutter
dog gets thrown in pool
a blue light is shining at bottom
the flag with star is first shown.
man removes dog from leash.
dancing girl does a twirl in front of the man
we can see the lady in red on the right.
car is blocking traffic.
the sky diver safely lands his parachute into the crowd.
the guy with a yellow surfboard enters the water.
the tv begins to flicker.
the dog walks away from the baby.
they zoom in on the flutist.
knife is set down on the right of view
we can see someone in green
lights flicker purple the turn red for the first time
toddler dancing.
man walks over snow covered bridge.
hand feeds cat a treat.
car passes large white truck on the right.
person in hat puts their mouth on tube.
stop sign on the right leaves the right.
first skier leaves view
we first see what looks like a house, top left
woman in white first begin to talk
the second set of donuts roll off the machine
girl runs behind column
zoom out
see person standing on edge of road
see white side of rubik cube
lights turn yellow from blue
horse first passes out of view
we see a umbrella first time
trees are seen up closer.
the door swings shut.
a girl in pick sits up.
guitarist sweeps back their hair.
man grabs object off shelf.
man drops oversized boxing glove when he gets hit.
car drives by at night.
final catch to close out the baseball game.
someone in the back first stands up
we zooms in on the little boy
kid first looks at camera
man begins to dance
zoomed in view of rockface
woman is playing stringed instrument.
dragon's head moves around.
we first see man in green shirt
stage lights first change from blue
man in white shirt first turns face sideways
a man playing piano in a plaza.
we first see baby up close
girl up close first spins around
someone rides by on a segway
adult hand is first visible
a little girl dancing in front of the tv.
the suns brightness dims
a man is leaning over giving a peace sign
large truck is parking.
person on stairs puts arm in air.
first time red tractor starts to move
first time objects move
scene changes from sky to grass under water.
scene changes from palm trees to a white tipped plant.
man and woman shake hands
yellow car passes camera
red lava is first seen
person's finger is first seen
the dog starts to eat some grass
two people performing then one runs behind the other
men begin walking off stage
these two clips show a man reading the news paper
group of people clapping including the girl in the blue dress
we see a white door for the first time
camera pans to the left
man pats cat and cat looks up immediately
cat looks to the right then back to the left
the camera pans right, then returns.
the building on the hill comes into view.
the people on the stage turn the page of the backdrop.
we se the boy spin a tire with is hand
lights turn to purple
man lights the glass and we see blue
first time a car passes in view
something white appears top left of view
two camera men are first behind the couple
child on the swing begins to move her arm
man on the far left sitting, in white leans back a moment
camera starts to pan to the right
first time we see mountains
camera starts to pan to the right
camera moves down to green leaves
camera first pans to your right
a cloud rolls in and completely blocks the blue sky
man has hands behind his back, then he puts them on his head moving way
duck flies away and a second duck is in the frame
a person on a bike with a giant rainbow flag comes into frame from right
the dogs legs move underwater, his head is not in the frames
girl in yellow life vest and orange sweater
water begins to fall from water fountain
boy in yellow shirt walks with arms in air.
man in white shirt mounts motorcycle.
man in white shirt attempts to start motorcycle.
man in white shirt gets off motorcycle.
the toddler reaches for the cam before ending.
crowd becomes visible for first time
white object falls to ground on left side.
road disappears from view
girl looks up smiles and turns her head
the dancer are facing backwards for a short time
guy in black hat appears in the frame for the first time
a woman dancing and driving.
camera zooms in on blue plate.
man in white spins around in circle for first time.
man begins to ride past behind team
baby first starts swinging.
brown cat lifts head
camera tilts up and we can see more of ceiling
the game is zoomed in on.
the dog stands, and looks around
man flashing peace sign.
we see the broken screen for the first time
the person takes a bite of something
people first shown
hand feeds dogs treat
we see the back of the person in red
kid looks at the camera
hockey skater gains control of puck.
a car first passes by
pitcher throws ball the first time
man sits to to draw at a drawing board.
we pass the first tree that's close by
red mandala first disappears from view
a white pole passes in front of camera.
goat starts walking.
colorful lights shoot into sky for first time.
there is no person here
yellow light turn to purple here.
man picks up a wine glass
no cars are in these scenes.
knob-shaped mount appears in distance
child approaches door then turns back toward table
bright white double light moves out of frame on right
the clam shell is open.
a woman can be seen at one of the music stands.
the goat starts turning around.
the car passes a stopped truck.
the child first ducks behind a chair.
hikers are farthest from camera
the animal outside moves
person closest to camera comes into view
we just start to pan right
first time we see a school of fish
man exits view to your left
we see the curved branch.
we see a red dolly on the right.
woman opens the box.
canon fires for the first time.
audience is visible to left of speaker.
person is petting the larger puppy.
we can see most of the screen.
we see the walking person in the background.
child is climbing stairs.
artist performing on stage with lightshow behind.
3 people with sitting down with their back facing the camera can be seen.
the beginning of the train is present
really tall building is in background
the dance parade line leader is out of view
little girl drops the ball
boy in yellow pretends to hit himself
person with yellow surf board emerges from the water
a television is playing in the background
man playing saxophone lifts head
camera zooms back out
boy in red passes infront
dog starts to bark at the bottle
person in blue is first seen
a close up zoom of the frying pan, and food.
the divers enter the frame.
first time camera zooms in
one cat is laying it head on shoe by himself
a mobile goes over baby
a part of a blueish green hose is visible
woman bows and turns away
woman enters hut and then others block the entrance
man in white hands paper over to man on far right
person in white walks in from the left and sits down
couple kiss for the first time
the mother enters the pet bed.
the camera films outside the store.
the child walks up the stairs onto the jungle gym.
the bear starts sniffing immediately.
the baby using his hands to push himself up.
the woman calls over the cameraman
they skyscrapper being filmed.
horizontal railing is not visible
man take right hand out of pocket
first clear shot of the diver
green fire truck is coming down the road
we see someone at the podium for the first time
kid in green starts walking towards the camera
camera first zooms in
camera zooms out
we see a large building blue or gray in these two frames
we first see what is on the screen clearly
person is doing a handstand
baby grabs toy off table
camera zooms in on scene for first time.
first time woman in gray shirt is seen.
lead singer claps his hands while singing.
a red car passes behind the man standing next to the road.
tall thin male looks under a table.
we first see the bikers again
words on screen fade
woman waves to the camera
whale breaches and flops back into the water for the first time in this frame
first time the smaller kid passes the other
no clouds to the very end
cat in front starts to rub head on shoe
big tree almost goes out of view
baby first reaches up with one arm
birds are running up steps.
a red car speeds by.
a man in a white shirt is holding a black pamphlet in his hand.
the cat's tail hits some papers.
someone runs in front.
stage lights first change from yellow to purple
we first see the glass cup
we see the second vehicle coming towards us and pass
we can see chinese writing/lettering
we first see machine up close
hair moves in wind
hand rubs baby's tummy for the first time
car starts burning out and making smoke
baby touches plant in bucket
woman tickles baby
a little girl walking in her crib.
time lapse of clouds with small airplane.
the cloud flashes orange and red
the man in glasses licks his lips
the zoomed in bank is first seen
the person on the screen wipes their face
clip starts with only right hand hitting buttons
first time kid looks through camera
person comes in to the right side
lady in pink skirt exits the frame
person wearing all black walks past with his head not facing the camera
person walks in front of the camera
a red dump truck passes in from right to left
passes by cyclists
man makes first server
person looking down adjusts his glasses and sits up straight
kid first runs behind the tree
girl runs up and eats something and then runs away
camera zooms in then out and goes blurry
train goes by and approaches a man standing in the field with a animal
baby falls asleep while drinking from his bottle
person begins cutting the meat
person wearing green shirt is first visible
the purple lights start flashing for the first time
lights are straight and point to the right
cat looks up for the first time
pink smoke turns white
red car between two silver cars speeds by.
camera pans down to show water.
man in black sitting down goes out of frame
man appears next to picture
horse behind girl in blue becomes visible for first time
we see the guys face for the first time
we see some hand carts for the first time
a photographer takes pictures of a couple.
selecting words from screen in mobile video game.
red images on screen are first seen moving
person in gray shirt raises arms above his head
camera pans up
little girl starts blowing on cake
woman in bathing suit appears
dog scratches several times at clear object it has been playing with
a lady dressed in blue passes in front of the street performers.
a zoomed in drawing can be seen while the artist is still drawing it.
yellow cabs are passing by on the street.
two dragon type figures pass in front of the camera for the first time
the tall man in the middle steps down from his pedestal and walks away
a house is visible for the first time
white jersey man raises right arm and starts pumping first
woman on stage begins flailing arms
child first touches keyboard
we first see inside the vehicle
child is closest in frame
brown flowers in the sun.
a woman presenting a large board.
people are first visible
cat moves away from the window.
ducks crest the hill
hand enters the frame
piper steps back with right foot
second person arrives on stage
guy looks down for the first time
guy sticks up hand for the first time
a wave is seen for the first time
we first see the two large plumes of smoke
baby turns to face us
little girl turns around and looks back.
someone is looking through door
fireworks start coming in different patter from ground
bicycle rider crosses yellow double line from left to right
the woman in red jacket moves the wheel
woman in light blue coat puts her hand in her pocket
the bus pulls up by the man in the yellow jacket and stops.
a man in white and black shirt sits down
person removed their thumb.
camera rights itself
open elevator starts to mve
camera pans left to show a brick building
we first pass white truck
hose is first put in mouth
we have passed first set of cars on the left
camera turns rightside up
elevator starts moving down
driver's side mirror comes into view
the person's hands move from the upper buttons and down, only plays the bottom buttons
the person kisses the child on the head
a person wearing a white shirt and black purse is in the frame
a diver is clearly seen on the left hand corner of the frame
a person walking alone on the sand.
camera moves away from the people to show a bus for the first ti me
camera zooms in on the lagoon
camera zooms in and out on the people walking by
man in white shirt starts pumping his fist in the air.
lead singer goes out of view on right
camera pans slightly to the right and back.
person in black shirt puts hand up to their face.
camera pans to the right to show bridge.
the people behind the desk are talking in frame.
a motorcycle goes across the yellow lines to get on our side
first time we see the person in red slicker
owl looks at camera
the kids fight with swords until one falls down.
the lecture in frame talking to the class.
the large fish swims alone without obstruction
the boy punches the man.
the plane lifts off.
the lantern is released.
the car begins to move
the woman picks up the first small animal
the dog approaches, then begins to sniff the cluster of plants
we start to pan to the right
first time camera pans up to see a girl cover her face laughing
first time we see the lights go off on the square structure
the man talking to the baby appears.
the child reaches for the camera for the first time
the first cyclist speeds by
the small animal runs out of the trap
the person in front walks to join the others
man kisses kitten
door is first opened
mans hand covers screen of woman
sink goes out of view
lots of fish up close
the camera flips on its side
small car passes on the left
the video starts off from a distance.
the white bus begins to move.
the blue chariot passes by the first time
the person takes a drink
the cat paws at the sink
man hits things together.
camera wobbles a bit.
camera first pans left
first time cat does something funny with its mouth
man puts both hands over the front of the podium
man on our left passes in front ' into crowd
a woman in white rushes by the camera.
a neon blue sign is on the wall.
the performers crouch down together.
a building is visible.
a large wooden column passes through the view
the child's hair stands on end for the first time
the rooster walks by alone
the last group of kids get set in their position.
the man in the red shirt has his arm raised
the boy takes a bite of food
the first time an object is thrown
baby eats rag
man turns to his right
child runs towards camera and back away.
one bug flies away.
little girl stops walking for first time.
three people begin walking down the beach starting from the left side.
two guys having a conversation or business dealing of some sort.
a snowboarder is sitting on the floor and poses for the camera.
cat gets tired of the person and decides to walk away.
the man holds the baby upside down.
guard rail first comes into view
first time baby lifts blanket to its mouth
the coaster reaches it's highest point.
shirtless guy puts something red in his mouth.
clouds drift over a hill overlooking the water.
we see the bubble wand making the bubbles the dog is chasing.
we first see a path in the woods.
first time re see a bunch of green lights
first time they toss the girl up while jump roping
a black bird flying back to its original spot to dig through the mud.
a bird bobbing it's head up and down while facing two other birds.
a billboard of a good movie.
we zoom in then out of the vineyards.
man on the right puts his joined hands on his chin and the guy on the right holds both his hands up briefly.
guy in behind the girl points to the object in her hand.
the yellow vespa goes by
the bathroom is seen
the bus pulls away
the guitar is played
a guy in a grey sweatshirt puts money into the guitar case.
first camera flash
man in gray shirt raises camera
man in blue shirt comes into view
cats start fighting
camera moves off girl to drummer.
we first see 2 people in water.
the hand comes in and touches the display.
the ball drops.
the woman puts a ring on.
the camera passes the men in green with guns.
man stands
person in black coat stands up straght
only the singer can be seen
dog is farthest from camera
the drummer first comes into view
beach hut exits frame right
only sky in this frame
camera enters the water
man starts playing
2nd child first comes into view
sign first comes into view
trees cover the entire bottom of the clip
we see some lady in white standing up for the first time
building first goes dark
first time girl makes an 'x' with the sticks
first time we see the buildings
camera flips on side
guy playing with doll in front of two other people
view of person running through icy road next to a building complex
dog gets up
man scratches head
person runs down snowy road
man in white shirt exits right of frame
only tree tops
screen pops to life behind speaker on stage
the man in the red and blue striped sweater is visible
the object begins to swing back toward the camera
machine begins to move
goldman sucks sign is first seen
adult feet first leave the frame
person with red guitar is first seen hopping up and down
a truck goes by for the first time
bird first pecks at the ground
first time we see boy in light green shirt.
gator catches bait.
a hand flicks the black car into motion again
the woman looks to the camera and begins to speak
a plume of smoke erupts from behind the performer
man turns baby upside down.
person in red shirt can no longer be seen.
waves first crash.
surfer touches head.
finger moves out of shot
man turns his head to the right.
the little boy eats something off of a spoon.
the three people walk out.
the hand goes away from the handle.
the person picks up a large rock
the camera pans over and the green light is visible
the child tries to jump by herself
the person on stage raises his right arm
camera first pans to left.
person jumps off platform.
girl in white sweater stands up.
the snowman begins to dance
the man in the tree drops the first branch
the person in the costume drinks.
the cat gets under the water.
camera pans left
we first see the people walking
man throws up his left arm
boy takes a bite of his food
the camera pans left toward bright sunlight
laughing baby being picked up
the crowd is shown.
the video goes from a blue screen to the actual video.
the little girl turns around.
the man leaning against the truck is in full view.
first time we see light clouds near plane wing.
man in coat comes from right side of frame to put something behind car.
first time we see birds flying in sky.
man holds up camera to take picture of baby.
yellow bus passes in the background.
first see a building in the distance
we see a tile ceiling
girl is pulled on a sled.
baby kicks its feet.
snowman starts to dance
man in tree drops the first branch
first time person puts hand on shirt
the red flag at the top is first seen.
the man stops dancing.
the cat's face is back in focus.
man first turns over
baby crawls over blanket.
robot head jerks violently
people first enter shot.
we see lamp pole for the first time
guy first starts guitaring
the birds land near the camera.
light stabalizes
child first puts spoon in food
robot passes camera
the red big vehicle stops and someone opens a door on the vehicle.
camera pans to the right to show sun and clouds.
dog gets sprayed.
ride starts moving
while talking, the man looks down, then he smiles.
where the path first descends into near-total darkness.
the long silver-blue fish buzzes just over the head of the striped fish.
the boy first tightly hugs the lady
the hand first touches the baby's chin
a blob of taffy first falls
girl with crazy dress taking pictures
boy pushing down balloon with spoon
man begins to dance
baby first lays head the other way
text disappears
we first see someone taking video
blue bars first appear
first time animal exits the frame
first time we pass a blue sign
quickly see a hand from middle bottom of screen push baby
guy in red coat and hat looking through binoculars enters and exits frame.
third cat is first seen being petted by a hand.
baby looks at top right corner of frame, then looks back down.
camera first pans to left
mt'fc first seen
baby grabs foot.
man carrying flag at concert.
a dog appears.
the person taking pictures is shown.
guy gets close to snake.
the camera zooms completely out
a black bird chases a kangaroo off camera
the camera zooms in on the pavement
man with gray hood first appears
first cyclist passes
we first see screen up close
first time baby turns around to face us
we see a person in red enter view from left
we zoom in on the float after it has gone far past us
we see a bright stage for the first time.
big screen on top left turns blue then disappears.
camera zooms in to see one windmill on the left and two on the right.
the scene becomes darker.
a person in a red hat enters from the right.
a bird flies through the sky.
a man sits down at the table.
girl smiling at the camera
dog playing with purple water bottle next to owners foot
man laughs at question.
looks at all the people sitting on the grassy area.
slider gets stuck and pushed by hand.
couple in red shirt and floral dress do first spins.
the girl swings the stick
we see the first sight of the city
the camera zooms in
light touches the rocks from right to left going across
man bends over to pick up monkey doll
camera starts to pan left to show rainbow
the runners start running
the first ring is thrown
we see most of a gloved hand
a cop drives by.
the baby rolls to its stomach
the man in the white shirt leaves the screen
looking upwards into the trees
the light comes on
spanish flags being waved by celebrating spaniards
the child moves the stick out of his way
the child's toy comes to a stop against the couch
person in gray jacket turns and waves at camera.
first time lights completely go out on cube structure.
the camera is facing down
the girl's hand is in her mouth
the rooster is shown alone
cat is sitting down
woman picks up paper from the table
woman tears paper in half the first time
the woman starts to play violin.
the man in red starts to run.
the people run by the camera.
the sun is shown.
waterfall with glacier in the background.
they first round a corner
baby first starts clapping
the team puts their hands together.
the animal stands up and looks at the camera.
the dog pulls the toy out
the man in black covers his face with his hands.
the camera pulls back from the baby
we first see the bird up close.
the cat climbs into the shelf.
the camera zooms into one crab.
the guitarist begins rocking his guitar up and down
the woman looks over her shoulder and smiles for the first time
the camera begins to zoom on the junk fountain
the child takes the first bite
first time we see diver with air tank.
person on computer screen can no longer be seen for first time.
camera pans right to show a big screen on side of building
lady in red on left does a quick glance up at the camera
we zoom in on the cat
first time we see a blue light
person on trampoline jumps and falls on back
first time we zoom in
the person pets the cat.
a person in a white shirt can be seen in the corner.
the man in gray catches something and kicks it for the first time.
a roundish gray rock is now the focal point
girl opens her mouth for the dentist
no lights at all in this frame
first time hooper lift hoop above her head
the child falls down on the screen
the person feeds the white goat
the man in the orange shirt is visible for the first time
man looks down and throws a bag
chalk drawing begins
first bite the boy takes
the camera looks straight down.
the screen is pink
snowboarders shadow is visible
man drops first hay bale into machine
man takes his first sip of alcohol from the cup
man finishes pouring the alcohol and caps the bottle
first car of train goes out of sight.
guy on the right with a bear steps in.
both birds pecking at each other.
kid loosed hood of costume.
big kangaroo walks closer to the tree
we see a lady behind us on the balcony
little girl bends over briefly
girl in blue in first seen
the train begins to move
the phone tilts to the right
the girl places items on a counter
we first see the black dog
lights change to purple
camera starts to slightly pan up
man walks to the middle of the two dancers
the man puts the bug on the door
camera zooms in on man's face.
person in blue begins climbing up the wall.
person in black leaves the frame.
person first moves hands away from toy robot.
the cameraman enters the escalator.
a yellow bus passes behind her.
a second boat rows into view
we first see people walking in the opposite direction behind the runners
text first appears
man first puts his arm up and points
the camera pans back the way it came.
they zoom in on the projection.
someone in red shirt stands and then sits back down
the front of the amtrak leaves the frame
the man can first be seen.
the woman waves.
a person is first seen holding paper.
person is most visible in this frame
black fence comes into view
yellow taxi suv passes through frame
two swans swim to each other and touch beaks.
a hand reaches out and opens the card.
a white bird flies up the water.
the man in a white shirt and taking a picture is shown.
the girl walks away from the camera.
the hand is first seen
the boy hops
the boy makes a hoop
a palm tree is seen
the person puts the orange stuff on the wrapper.
the train passes by.
camera if first seen
screen first goes blank
a window with an orange light is shown.
the waves come very close to the person filming.
the boy looks directly into the camera and talks.
the person filming passes by a street lamp.
the tree branch falls to the ground
we see just 2 white swans put their beaks together
a hand is seen opening the card
the baby grabs its foot and kicks a little.
a person walks by with a sign sticking out of their back pack.
a somewhat thick tree trunk is shown.
the spotlight goes to the person playing the guitar.
we no longer see the yellow and red tent
screen turns on behind musicians
a guy in black bends down to pick something up
passes blue house.
little girl looks up and talks
stage lights change to red.
woman turns to her left.
girls first come out of the door.
girl touches bug.
first aims at target.
a small building is on a raft in the water.
the man steps in front of the light.
a person in blue walks by the rabbit holding a bike.
the baby turns the page
camera pans right to show where the people will be going
we see a fist in the air ' a finger point up from another hand
woman tosses bouquet
a bandanna covered head passes in front for first time
the puppy flips over on its back.
the boy in red swings the bat.
the grass is no longer shown and all we can see is sand and the water.
a gloved hand is seen.
a man in a plaid shirt touches his head.
the person who is reading reaches up and touches his face.
a man pours something into a coffee cup.
the man in red comes into view
the upside down cat suddenly jumps off of the bed
the baby's eyes widen and he looks to the right
first motorcycle speeds by
cat steals ball
our first look under water
light goes off then comes back red
baby starts to crawl to dog, dog walks away
man in center runs to the right out of view
we see little penguin
woman in coat raises hand
close up of couple holding baby
baby has mouth wide open
puts both hands down
dad picks child up
the trains is first seen.
the camera moves toward the people.
the boys hood falls down.
we first see water rushing up close
someone in black in the back quickly walks out of view
baby first puts hand up to face
lights first fill tower
the girl steps up on the bench
the shadow of the hand is first visible
a car passes by
the man in blue is showwn
the girl makes a twirl
an adult rides down a slope as a child behind him follows suit.
the guitarist in green begins to play
the baby looks up at the camera for the first time
the camera pans right
a woman walks to the left
the camera turns left
the red text appears on the window.
the device makes a complete stop.
otters start swimming.
the guitar player raises one hand briefly
a boy in a yellow shirt is seen for the first time
the camera pans to the left before moving back to the right
the camera pans up
second stage comes into view
the rope starts spinning
the camera pans up
the man touches the camera
first time we see something in the distance
baby runs under someones legs
first time we see the boss on the big screen
someone starts coming back up the stairs that they just went down
someone in red seen in background for first time.
first time we see closeup of bee on someone's finger.
birds start flying around
guy starts spraying dog
lights turn pinkish red
the woman has a scarf
the camera zooms in
the man in white walks by
guy in white tshirt walks from right to left in front of audience.
man standing puts his hat back on
a bald man quickly enters and leaves frame
the robot looks slightly to her right
the game ends
the car turns
blue scaffolding is seen
hand holding up two fingers disappears
man holding papers begins to clap near center of frame
we see a shoulder then a black car pass, and 3 bike behind us
we pass a christmas tree on our left
that moment before the reindeer starts dancing.
the man in black removes his shirt.
the package is removed from the wicker carrying case.
a hand touches the flowers.
diver first becomes fully visible
we first see someone recording the screen
one of the lights falls on the crowd.
lady begins to speak.
kid takes off the hat.
we first see girl in green dress with black sweater.
gage begins turn back toward us.
words flash on the screen.
the camera goes into slow motion.
enters door of garage.
row of white lights pop on in middle.
two books fall.
alligators snap at lure.
train starts to go
guy in red disappears on the left
girl in pink knocks girl in blue to the fridge
snake falls of the rock and the camera drops down
the line begins to shake
the man with the cane picks something up from the ground
the blonde woman claps
camera briefly turns toward window
lego creation is nearest camera
we are nearest the building
girl shakes her head back and forth.
dog takes off.
rocket takes off.
camera gets wet.
first time guitarist nods while playing.
a man with two bags walks in front.
the baby lays down.
the other house can be seen.
first time camera zooms in on moose
second cat enters view
first time we zoom in on crab
someone flashes light on rocks first time.
man drops lever and smashes toy's head in it.
the red tetris block turn to left side of the shot briefly.
the yellow light on top is seen for the first time.
the man in the red t-shirt walks through the shot.
the lights turn to orange and red.
car starts losing control.
we pass a white fence.
man puts hat back on.
a little girl looking at food.
zoom in on green
long neck turtle reaches the surface
first time baby yawns
man in black shirt stands while pointing toward floor
first time skier in blue passes the other skier.
person crossing street almost to curb.
the food is showing
car first turns direction
first see the scuba divers legs
lights first start blinking
camera zooms in on angle for the first time
car zooms in a loop and then goes back down the street
blue sky to clouds for the first time
the child stops running.
a car passes the bicyclists.
a man in a grey shirt walks away.
the girl begins to talk.
the person moves their shoe out of the dog's way.
the guitarist walks out of view for a moment, behind the silhouette of someone's head.
camera pans way out
man turns to the side
only time camera isn't shaken
first time we see a dome in the background
second dog appears
camera first zooms in
a torso of a person is shown pointing to a pipe.
helicopter approaches guy in chicken suit.
baby animal drinks from water.
a women is dancing in the street,as another women that is closer to the observer walks by blocking the observers view of the dancing women.
people viewing barack obama inauguration
the driver beats on the steering wheel with his right hand.
a blurred reflection from the man in the gray shirt can be seen on the wall at the right.
first enters under water
light turns to red
boy pulls dog's tail
guy comes walking out from back left
child in pink coat starts running towards camera.
camera pans right to show sidewalk.
child in silver cap can first be seen.
camera pans up to show river.
the man looks back over his shoulder
the orange bus travels past the field
the head of the swimmer leaves the frame for the entire clip.
man in the middle uncrosses his right foot from his other leg.
a car passes on the right.
the man wearing blue leaves the view.
the girl spins in a circle.
camera shifts to the right then back to the flame
something is thrown from one roof to another
black jacket man points behind him
firetruck exits the frame
first time stage light turns blue.
first time girl turns to face camera.
wall at the bottom half of screen disappears.
guy in white shirt far right grabs his chair.
the baby looks at the person
the man leaves
a finger is in view
singer starts singing
the camera zooms in
the camera zooms out
a person walks by
hands can be seen
the woman in pink stripped shirt touches other woman.
a blue sign is now seen.
the man in blue walks away.
the red boat can now be seen.
'15 takes off his shirt
one animal first tackles the other
first time we see something bubbling
first time we spot a lake
camera pans left and we can see an island in the water
first time we zoom in
catfish in an aquarium swims away.
a little girl waving at the camera.
a woman in white walks by quickly
the top of the ferris wheel becomes visible
the two men point their guitar necks downward
a person is briefly visible on the right side of the screen
first time people can be seen walking past black truck
no arm can be seen in this frame
the bouquet is thrown
the men begin their highstep march
someone runs across the transitioning light show
dog finally gets toy from water
first time person in black covers face with both hands
zoom out from baby
first time we see the red car on the right
preacher walks out of view
baby looks like its wanting to yawn
a hand reaches down to more one of the cars.
a woman in pink unfolds a card.
a cloud of smoke is seen behind the singer.
a kangaroo hops in front.
we first see person's face that's climbing.
the cat first attacks the person's hands
the person holding the smoking stick stands up
the cat darts outside
we don't see the two women
the man is pointing up to the white pipe
the orange train car is seen
baby turns around
you can briefly see par of someone's leg.
someone walks left, then turns right and leaves.
camera shifts to baby
camera moves sideways
camera zooms in on train.
camera turns sideways.
man begins to sing to crowd.
the man in the striped shirt is seen
the person is holding up two fingers
we zoom in close to the kangaroos
we pan around to see a couple dressed up and a brick wall
baby give drink to person
camera pans to the right and we see santa''
the first skater rounds the bend out of frame.
the camera shows fireworks erupting.
the bear does karate on a cliff.
the mouse gets off the peanut shells.
a yellow flag is first seen.
the man smiles directly at the camera.
two people are sliding in the snow.
woman begins speaking.
words appear
finger moves out of shot.
the panda is first chewing.
the cat jumps up.
dancing guy puts index fingers of both hands up while dancing.
baby grabs left edge of the blanket.
fades out of people on the stage.
a bright light is in distance
the people jump rope
all three runners take off.
third ring is dropped onto device.
the camera goes in front of the first biker.
the baby first rolls to her stomach.
stage lights first turn to red and then blue.
silhouette of child reaches up to touch adult for first time.
wall leaves the frame as camera pans up.
a boy in pajamas follows a roomba as it cleans
man takes picture.
cat falls down.
the shirtless man puts something in his mouth
we see the bubble blower for the first time
child first reaches under chair
child begins pushing red truck toy
man begins speaking
we see nothing in these
we start to pan right
the man lowers the candle briefly.
the black truck is seen
the woman throws the bouquet
someone has a cellphone
a cat pulling a string.
the camera passes the black train that's stopped.
the train arrives at the station.
the camera pans to the other panel.
someone first raises their arm bottom right
man begins to bounce
hand first pets the cat
the bird first ruffles its feathers slightly
woman first puts hand over ears.
we see first traffic pass from other direction.
we first see city out of left window.
the baby climbs to his knees, hiding the red toy behind him, and hits the side of the tub.
a red car comes into view behind the bicylists.
the animal runs across the road.
a woman begins walking away from the tent area.
red tent disappears from view
light disappears from view
guy in blue with a bike walks from left to right
baby laughing for the first time
lady in pink comes off the train
first see a window to the right
baby first reaches for the camera
man in dark shirt first gestures
the boy takes a first bite.
words are visible in the center of the screen briefly
the orange dog barks and howls
the boy mimes pulling something from behind his head.
the dog runs in the yellow tunnel
the screen wipes to a hood decal.
a woman in beige is seen
the cars begin to race
the phone screen turns white
the sky can be seen
a lake can be seen
the woman is in front of the camera
the camera zooms in
orange car begins to turn right.
we see a sea turtle and a diver.
thge large wave crashes close to the camera.
the man goes over the wave bump.
a person walks in from the right.
the door opens, and the camera pans away.
a white cab pulls away from frame.
person quickly turns baby on its side in a crib
the baby smiles
the lady has her hands up and is clapping
the sunset is visible
the buildings are visible
yellow motorcycle rides out of frame
bathroom is first shown
bus door closes
camera very shaky
boy drinks liquor.
the dog shakes himself
person walking down field with wheelbarrow
the food on the table is shown.
wooden fence first comes into view
dog first comes into view
man starts hammering
player evades a tackle for the first time
instructor first raises arms
view is corrected
robot walks towards and then away from the camera.
swimmers reach the wall and head back the other way
camera starts to spin around
mostly water in this frame
first time group of people is seen.
camera first pans out.
we first see guy in white t-shirt at maypole.
lady in red momentarily dances off left of screen
the womans head image begins to shrink.
the dog grabs the item from the water.
the baby starts looking toward the right.
everyone begins pulling material out to the edge.
we first see person in red hat.
the screen introduces the movie/show
the dog walks up the gate
a band plays a small show
a human messes with a cat
smiling woman leans toward camera
woman in blue dress with white flowers enters frame
otter hold onto pylon and looks up at camera
no movement in this frame
camera gets tilted sideways.
we first see asian girl.
cat jumps off bed.
we first see hand play with baby.
a puppy falls on its back
the boy swings the bat
the cat is seen
a tower is seen
the woman in green leaves the frame
the first man pulls his arm down
the train begins to move
the camera turns to the stage
something is in the corner of the frame
camera zooms in on the windmill
the vehicle leaves the shot on the left
the girl shakes her head from side to side.
the person in the front gets on their knees.
the dog gets up and starts running away.
the baby's face becomes visible
the people wrapped in plastic come to a stop
two large trucks pass on the right side
camera pans to other side of enclosure then back to bear
we look up and see a bucket truck above us
we see thomas the tank engines faace
the drumline begins playing
first time circular structure exits frame left
person in red passes directly in front of camera
zoom way in then back out
a red light is shown
someone is in the background
the baby extends its right hand toward the viewer, then retracts it.
the tree is seen
the baby begins to crawl
the white van passes by.
the woman's game ends.
we first see part of man on the right's hat
lady walks by with child
man on the right sits up and reaches for something
the person in the passenger seat holds up arm.
there is a strange line in the video
the girl is on the ground
the rooster is alone
the person rises and stands up.
the green light is first visible.
the man bangs his head for the first time.
the camera zooms out
the camera zooms on the woman in the black dress
the dog stand on the fence
the girl pulls her bow out.
the screen is shown slightly.
woman begins talking
we pass a coiled green garden hose
frame ends with a green ball suspended in midair
someone raises their phone into view
the camera zooms in for a close look at the wheels
first time child blow harmonica
first time dog runs through yellow tunnel
first time 8 is shown
the cat jumps from the shelf to the floor
the mother is first shown.
the baby begins to laugh.
we first start to see a car.
man falls and goes underwater first time.
red toy bus drives off right of screen.
we first see people walking on street.
child goes over to roomba
we see two people
the large rock is seen more in this frame.
the large building goes out of the frame.
the plane flies over the camera.
the sky can be seen.
man in cap tosses his cig away behind him
we see a red fire truck in the beginning on left
person in red shirt enters view from right
no more skiers are in our view
almost none of the blue sky is visible.
otter swims on back.
white suv drives by
lady with red bag is briefly seen walking past, right side
yellow glowing light disappears from view
guy in yellow helmet falls off ramp
kid first grabs pole
the man throws the long pole
the screen behind the performers turns on
a man walks by in front of the drummer
goes from dark to view of lights or waterfall
man on bike goes by
something shimmer or reflects for a slight moment on glass
girl ducks down into booth after acting silly
the camera zooms in
the man on the left raises his arm
the man is on the screen
the lights move up the tower
it zooms back away,and the man in the center exits the frame shortly.
the person puts a hand down,and removes it.
up close of dog and toys
we just see a cat here, no one else
we can see someones head in camera view on right side
we walk right passed a telephone pole
the man removes his hat and walks by
a woman with a hat, and blue shirt is filmed.
the singer raises his arms at the end of the stage prompting a burst in confetti.
cat pauses from playing
light flashes.
woman in red walks out of shot.
camera pans to person playing guitar.
animal first jumps at other.
the person has their hands on the table, not holding anything.
the person is not on the screen for a second.
a person in a green shirt stops and then walks away.
the viewer passes a bus sign.
bear shakes it's head
a finger is pointing at boy on screen
person is giving white dog a treat
white building in back is in view
man in orange shirt walks up to crowd
dog lays head down
camera pans out and moves
man begins reading aloud by candlelight
cat goes in door
the person looks down at their legs first.
a man in a hat sits at the table.
lights turn purple for the first time
lightpole comes into view
words become visible
fire goes from big to bigger.
dude in black throws a frisbee, dude in white t-shirt pick it up and throws in back.
the boy takes off the glasses for the first time.
the train is closest to the camera.
the person on the left passes a string through the cone.
the door opens
the child attempts to crawl away
antennas become visible in the distance
the cellist briefly glances at the violinist in black
the left foot is picked up.
the car with the board on top is now seen.
the person tilts to the left.
baby starts to dance around
other bug flew away
girl stops walking ' points 7 we see someones feet barely
the man in blue touches the man in black with something.
the room starts to get darker.
the woman rubs her eye.
the boat has turned, revealing the back of the seat and the pink items piled there.
view clears up from being too bright
lady picks up girl ' puts her in her lap
people peddling trolley are farthest away
we just see the black ' white rooster perched facing your left
first time bird lands on feeder
man shakes phone
camera starts panning to the right
man takes off his hat
the group goes from clapping to raising a hand in pledge
first time we see the lemon
we see the inside of the bus
reddish-brown cabin first comes into view
man with backwards cap first comes into view
bright sun is visible
person in red tetris costume turns around then turns back to face the other person in the costume.
camera zooms out to show fireworks in the sky.
man in red walks pass camera.
the blue bin is first seen.
the cookie is seen for the first time.
the red van drives by.
hand puts food in baby mouth.
woman answers call
a hand comes into the frame for the first time.
a woman lifts her arm with camera takes picture, then puts arms back down.
a couple with a stroller walk passed the santas.
the 'one-way' sign is in the shot.
the man walks around to the front.
the land is no longer visible.
the woman holding the orange rod is gone.
person appears
the dog is set in the float
man looks to his right.
camera zooms out.
kid in white shirt after man on scooter.
first time baby reaches for bar.
the first red car passes.
the boy puts his hands on the bar.
joe walks into the water
the screen is whitest
person in orange takes a step to our left
square area lines with stones comes into view
man on stage turns to your right and starts to walks
the man places the vacuum inn the can
the driver raises his hand
the man appears
person begins to move down cliff.
car first moves backward.
the woman brings her hand to her face.
the man in blue shorts walks across the screen with a leash in his hands.
the man in the white shirt leads the crowd past the viewer.
the sunlight gleams from beyond a dark hill.
the spotlights turn on
a cyclist passes quickly by
the camera moves all the way in on the bear.
the camera goes to the sky.
a purple tree is shown
a dog is shown
someone falls into the pool
cameraperson turns and watches the train pass by.
person in makeup bites into a sandwich.
first time we see the crane move
first time we see a white banner with red ' orange stripe
first time we see the dog behind the baby
the first time the persons face is fully seen
man in hat sits down in front of the camera
the person in the costume is drinking out of a bottle.
the cat drinks water out of the faucet.
cars go by little yellow bus
we see the sky and then the road
man in pink shirt passes
baby first shakes head no
person in gray jersey skates close and briefly backwards
zoom in on stage
we look up to black
person points
bucket is shown on floor
child laughs
first time we see a hand pointing a finger in the boys face
we pan left and a person with a cap walks past us
guy in orange shirt enters view from left
a person in blue pushes a stroller to the right
the child reaches up with their left arm
the player in black skates close by
the yellowish plants come into view
the camera turns away from the book
the lights begin to blink
the first turtle reaches the surface of the water
the man points at something on the ground
we see black train car
train car zooms by
head crosses in front of camera
the camera pans right to show us the inside of the boat briefly then pans back left.
a bus passes in the background.
little girl opens package.
black bird flys up to birdhouse
lady in blue coats appears for the first time
camera shifts left and then zoom in
we first see red car in background.
the front of the train stops being visible
the camera zooms in on the train.
the man turns to the crowd.
a kid in silver jacket walks by
man is taking shirt off
girl grabs something out of bag
a hand touches flowers
first time we see the arch of lights on the water
boy enters view from right
alligator snaps at bait
girl in red first jumps up and down then falls
girl waves
first time we pass another vehicle
first time bird pecks the ground
the hand retrieves the toy car.
a blueish green light is seen
the camera pans to the left
a cat touches the camera with its nose
girl in pink starts running towards the camera
first see a yellow umbrella
lady in purple walks in and is about to sit down
the large rock to the left moves out of frame
the doctor puts her tools into the girl's mouth
a yellow object is visible briefly to the left
the hula hoop goes from the woman's waist to her hands
kids are smiling
we just see the girl in blue
snake starts to slither
the girl stands up
the cargo leaves the vessel
the bird flies away
a blonde woman is on screen.
the kitty is first seen from hiding.
firs time guitarist slides to the left.
train engine passes screen
camera turns around and we can see behind us
boy takes first bite
camera pans to the left to see the sun
camera goes to big screen
camera turns on its side
truck passes us
drivers side mirror first comes into view
the blonde woman stands up.
the race-cars start.
the doll begins to move.
the game screen flashes white.
panda seen eating for first time.
cat jumps up onto black bench.
blue car is first picture.
people begin spinning in circle.
red car goes in tunnel.
person swipes board.
the man removes his hat.
someone holds up a slice of lemon for the first time.
a banner with letters is seen briefly.
camera zooms out and we can see the blue trashcan for the first time
boy touches his head for the first time
camera zooms out from stage
the sitting drummer first stands
person in bright yellow vest walks directly in front of camera
the man in yellow bounces
the man steps partially out of camera veiw
everyone is clapping
we see the speaker's hands
the man in the red coat is visible
the camera goes away from shirtless man.
the woman walks into view.
the frame starts on no people.
first time child takes bite of sandwich
first time baby smiles
first time smoke is seen
we first see a hand
the camera turns sharply right
the woman hits the building
an old rusty car is shown.
the people walk in a circle before falling into the water.
the red toy buys makes a sharp turn.
a still frame of a person looking at a screen.
we pass the bicyclist in white
adult hand appears for first time
camera pans to show other artist drawing
they walk over a red and white rope
the man flips over the paper then puts it down
the last woman almost passes out of frame
the otter crawls up onto dry land
the first eye leaves view
camera zooms out to show the other artists
first time we see the boy in the blue ' white shirt play trumpet
walking legs step over a red ' white rope
the person's hand is visible
a picture is taken and a camera flashes
we see a panda spin around and jump on the edge of a cliff
we see no hamster at all in this gif
first time we can see a sandy beach area below
we see water
red object appears
no child is seen
the man in yellow touches hair.
a red flag is passed.
the man walks to the right.
hummingbird flies away
man turns his phone and looks at it.
man in white shirt running around flinging arms
little boy eating off ground.
little baby makes basket.
the man at the desk is now visible.
the man goes for a drink.
the boy in black falls down first.
the closeup of the drummer the first time.
the float stops, and they throw stuff.
man hammers fast
we see player running to make touchdown
baby crawls on tummy
the second dog appears.
a bird flies through the sky on the right.
the black suv passes the camera.
the flare lights over the city.
camera pans right and we see a little boy
first time we see the boy pick up something from the box
girl on phone firstlooks our way
taking big leap into water
man in red waving flag clearly seen
fingers intertwined
girl starts walking toward camera
people begin playing drums
we span to see the sky
we see bald man
close up of house on hill
the otter takes a drink
man on the left of us puts head on his hands.
boy points at what girl is holding.
the camera turns sideways
the man carrying the yellow life jackets is visible
crane picking up dirt from boat
person opening book
blue light flashes.
tigers fighting in the water.
fades from black to sunset
man in white appears
first time we see yellow duckie on left.
first bicycle passes in front of camera
we first see roadway.
person on left begins to walk away from tent.
men first start talking
girl flips open box
people walk in front of the camera on the beach
the camera pans to the man in the head scarf.
the skiers start downhill.
the cat walks away.
person grabs cat
little boy is running
the dancers all have their hands on their heads.
the three boys tear the wrapping paper off their presents at the same time.
a bird flies into the scene
thew woman in the blue coat is seen
the brick wall is seen
someone walks past the screen
no people in this frame
first time christmas tree is seen
we pass under a green street sign
boy looks to his left
we see back of bald man's head
the black bird lands on the branches.
the mcdonald's goes out of view.
we see many jellyfish.
train begins to pass by us.
we first see dog's tail wag.
a large cabinet comes into view.
in yellow room with window, the moment they pan left to the man.
moment the teacher walks away.
the moment the woman with the back pack waves.
1970 appears.
the menu of a restaurant.
man in white shirt first appears from left.
see the guitar for the first time.
first streetlamp to enter from left side.
girl on bottom's monitor disappears for the first time.
a green light is showwn
the baby is alone
the man leans back
opening a birthday card.
car passes other car on road.
mechanical elephant snorts smoke.
the woman cuts the cake.
a man in white enters and sits.
hand dryer in action.
man waving something walks in front of camera
only 1 band member is visible
woman looking outside turns to the camera
room brightens
the cat lays down.
the old man starts to smile.
the scooter goes down a street on the the left.
the girl begins folding the placemat.
the old person in red takes a drink.
first see how far cat could fall.
video light turns to green
the driver taps on the steering wheel.
someone places money in the guitar case.
the first car passes.
bright blueish light is first seen quickly.
cat first swipes at red dot.
first time we see speaking guy's left hand.
man comes from left side of screen and exits right.
the camera moves up, and you first see water.
you see the woman come and stand in front of the lighthouse
the camera zooms in on the man
a light appears in the dark cave
a yellow and blue building comes into view.
they begin pulling the material outwards.
the grey haired man goes out of view, then back into view.
they zoom in and film the humming bird eating.
the woman bends over laughing.
the boy runs around in a circle.
see a black clip
man twirls woman around
our first look at the water.
child in pink shirt runs up steps.
paddle boat goes under foot bridge.
lady pushes her hair back.
first time we see man with baby.
the fence comes into view.
the white vehicle is visible.
camera first zooms in on person with wings.
toy car first does a u turn.
the girl dives under water the first time.
the camera pans behind them to a boy in yellow.
the right big screen comes back into the picture.
ride passes a big blue box.
amtrak train approaches.
the mouse begins to move
the man first raises both arms simultaniously
the camera stops before the file cabinet.
the man flips the baby upside down
a bird flies out of the tree
the girl in lavender drops her hula hoop
the man in the red shirt walks by
we see the person with the white umbrella
first time we see person in white shirt in water.
doors open to cathedral.
man takes off baby's sock.
baby looks over to the right for the first time
the television is now visible
a girl on her cellphone
camera first pans up to show speakers face
woman pours something into boy's pot.
first time people can be seen in other room
orange man comes into view.
person points.
person moves the paper with their foot.
man in third row turns his head from looking at the back of the room.
a person watching them play is seen.
a woman with a child walks off the screen.
baby reaches and picks something up
child looks down at piano
video begins
dogs jump into left side of hole.
swimming side by each.
lose sight of capitol building.
plane flies away from camera and disappears over horizon.
looks at top of tree.
man gets up.
man puts food to his mouth.
camera turns to inside bus.
a black car passes by
the an covers his stomach
the baby doesn't look at the camera.
a forest is shown on the screen.
the camera backs away from a girl with a white headband.
we first see steam come out from wheels
man in white shirt walks completely across frame.
the girl walks backward and points at the tree
object first turns blue
the engine is closest to the camera.
we can see legs of an adult for first time.
camera pans arena.
man raises hands
they come out of slide.
camera pans left to show crowd
parade starts moving
first time girl looks at camera
man walks down the hall.
the woman and the girl wave their hands at each other.
the woman with the blue backpack waves.
the man looks way up and to his right.
cars zoom by to the left
baby hits toy
we see 'joe' on screen
the first time the child kisses his mother
the baby sticks out his tongue
the man picks up the fallen taffy
looking into the mirror with the hanger
the boy starts walking away
the first time the girl in the pink shirt with the black backpack is seen
the camera moves away from the drummer.
the water is no longer in view.
a blue screen is visible.
shirtless man is first seen
man holding large camera facing crowd is visible
streaks of clouds are visible in the sky
water is visible
dog makes his first pounce forward
girl slides down a slide on a rug for the first time
boat goes under a bridge
the woman start clapping.
the camera shows only the ocean.
the first time we see the tree.
the child laughs.
man blows on candle
the dancing man puts an arm behind his back
a shadow passes next to the baby
someone throws something at the man on stage
the vehicle passes almost out of view
a woman with a baby carriage walks by
the baby reaches for the top of the chest
a group of men are singing and snapping their fingers
the motorcycle drives by.
the dog sits down shortly.
the camera zooms onto the second screen.
the baby pushes over the wood box.
camera pans to our left quickly to follow the train.
we zoom in on the singer
the zombie takes a bite of his sandwich.
the man and child enter view
the child hangs his second ornament
the child licks the fruit for the last time
the van in the middle is briefly between a bus, and a large truck.
the tops of the trees
the man begins talking.
the man starts to hit the crossed legs.
the objects turn from horizontal to vertical.
the train is still then very slowly begins to back away.
people are riding on an escalator.
the cat begins to bat at the toy
the old man is talking
women wraps orange food on bread.
front part of the train passes camera.
one of the two otters runs away from the other.
the car is driving by and passing a white truck on the highway.
the man in the red shirt walks by.
a little girl holding her hand like she's talking on the phone.
the cat lashes his tail.
the background colors on the screen turn yellow.
the mother dog is seen.
the woman talks to the camera.
the baby is laughing.
a toilet is seen
the baby walks away
the landscape is seen
the girl holds her sticks in an x shape.
the ocean is taking up the majority of the screen.
the building are visible.
wood banister disappears from view
someone rubs balloon on her head for the first time
we briefly see a chicken's head up close
the train approaches rapidly
the crowd begins to enter view
a man comes up the aisle and wanders off to the right
the kid pours the mixture into the bowl.
we see the little kid for the first time.
the front train car enters view.
the engine passes by the camera.
the man begins to sing.
a man bites into a sandwich.
the camera goes under water.
the red light turns back to white.
the dog walks away from the baby
people re-enter the circle.
the first car is passed.
the girl bobs and then claps.
the person begins cutting the cake.
a person in a white shirt runs to the front of the crowd and sits down.
a toddler smiling at the camera while moving a toy.
camera pans up to ceiling
camera moves around in front of woman
girl laughs and then closes her mouth
'barudan' disappears from view
train is furthest away
escalator comes into view
passing a sing on the right
first close up of cross
the man looking back at the camera is first seen
the pink beam of light is first seen
camera rotates so that the lamp appears vertical.
child first takes mouth off of instrument.
the baby yawns.
the closest woman starts clapping.
the man cracks his knuckles.
the camera pans away form the ducks
crane begins to move
red orange and white flag comes into view
dog is visble
baby does not look up at camera in this clip
we see a person in bright green/yellow on a bike
first time we see the blonde with a white headband
singer exists view on right then runs back on stage
we see a dog laying on the floor and then a baby
first time we see the crane arm swing around
we pass two 18 wheelers on the left
we first see the belly of the fish.
the first yellow taxi drives by.
a person turns the baby over.
the woman scoots slightly to her right
the woman in yellow adjusts her headwear
the truck comes to a stop.
the animal enters the water.
little boy first runs up
girl walks in front of camera
view gets dark again
the first lady in her yellow jacket is shown.
the title screen.
the child puts the hat back on.
the man grabs the car and shakes his butt
camera moves to left of screen
wheel first begins to turn.
first time camera goes to only water and no beach.
2 kids run across in front of camera.
the person looks down at their skis
the camerawoman begins to pet the cat
the little girl in the pink shirt is first seen
the man on the left touches the other man with the knives
kid falls while pulling rope.
a man talks into the camera.
the bike is first visible.
the keyboard player is first seen.
the firetruck stops briefly
woman first starts talking.
blue text appears on screen for first time.
person's hand can be seen holding bee.
turtle leaves the coral and rocks behind and swims through the ocean
we see lamp post for the first time.
the image gets brighter.
baby tastes for the second time and reacts.
a lake is seen
a woman blocks the camera
the sun is seen
woman looks up from bowl.
shoe is first lifted.
white van is passed.
woman almost falls over.
a dog waving it's tail and waiting.
we see no one down hallway
chick contemplates crossing the road
person bends over in pool
first time we see two polar bears
person drops something from the balconey
camera starts to pan left
baby opens mouth really big
person speaking takes a small step forward
the man drying his hands starts to walk back ' we see the person in the brown coat adjusting his collar
camera zooms in on the beer bottles
the lights on stage are purple
the cross is first visible
the man walks up and begins dancing with the women
man sticks tongue out
man slides into frame
keyboard player comes into view
light shines the brightest.
kid touches back of head.
dog goes under tunnel.
camera zooms of odd hamster.
logo fades in.
woman with pink bag gets up
a pole is seen
the cat is pet
dog laying down in the grass
the american flag comes into view.
the baby takes his first bite.
a woman is talking to the camera.
the trains goes by the camera.
we see an arm reach over to tap the person in light yellow shirt
person in red hat comes into view
first time child slides
the boat comes from under the bridge
the doors open.
the baby trys to crawl away
a large rocky harbor is seen on the right
the camera pans to the man in black.
one snowboarder catches up to another.
biker passes between two trucks.
lady in blue first claps her hands.
someone briefly looks at camera from left.
the first light begins to glow.
the monkey falls to the floor.
the first building goes out of view.
first time we see a hand
we see the kid on the ground bobbling his head like he is eating
first time kid makes a shot
camera starts walking forward
dog hops into the pot of dirt.
tired of playing, one otter leaves the scene.
vehicle passes the truck on the right.
bicycle enters from right side
first time we see a yellow tube on a bike
orange light moves right, out of view
a guy hold a box up with one hand walks through the background.
guy looks towards the camera briefly, then turns back to the microphone, then starts playing the guitar.
the stream is seen for the first time.
the truck with people in in stops moving.
the man puts down his guitar and starts playing.
the small body of water is visible.
kitten sits down
man with hoodie touches fountain
bike blazes by quickly.
white skirt walks onto stage.
little girl points at the sky.
man rests head on hand.
they first light the paper on fire
we fully see the front of the church
the person with the backpack begins to rock the frame back and forth
a bird lands on the water with a splash
man in cap plays instrument then steps forward and back.
moment when camera pans left away from close man.
boy with 'camera, set, action' thing enters and then leaves.
only frame with one then to no people.
elderly man drop something in street.
dog's head first appears
we first see man taking pictures
the camera zooms up close to the coins.
the defender scoops up the ball.
a person in black walks out of screen to the right.
the parent sitting on the ground moves.
a man climbs up on stage.
the finger gives it a slight push.
the guy in the red shirt twirls his lady around.
person walks thru amphitheater.
wind up robot falls off table.
leans back then forward while adjusting in chair.
front of train passes out of sight.
dog gets blasted with hose.
the bench leaves view for the first time
a fully dressed person runs and jumps into the water
the little girl stands up
another car is passed.
kitty starts sniffing rope
we first see ship
see yellow car go from left to right
we first see guy in blue
the dog is shown
the an is taking pictures
the woman smiles and begins to speak
the gondoleer waves
a woman wearing a gray shirt walks by the man
woman brushes hair back.
father hands baby sippy cup. baby swats at it.
a girl in grey walks by
the man takes off his shirt.
the woman first reaches into the bag.
yellow motorcycle passes first
camera enters the bathroom
wheelchair ramp is raised
the boys guitar is shown briefly
drummers switch places first time.
we first see red flag.
the train that we're on begins to move
scene changes to cloudy skies
first pan left to other end of stage
first time camera zooms toward fire
first time we see yellow sign.
first time hand is seen petting dog.
baby points at camera.
man in dark red pulls up pants.
little girl stands up
we see the snow for the first time
lady with yellow thing in her hands passes by
the person with the striped shirt passes the camera.
the peace sign goes out of view.
the people on the ground begin to clap.
moment when effigy explodes
kaber is first lifted
screen turns on
black shirt enters frame
darkness fades away
boy puts spoon in his bowl
we briefly see more of the building
two hite bears can be seen.
man at back table put is arm down on table.
bird flies into frame and lands on birdhouse, then leaves frame again.
we first see a woman in a light blue jacket.
we first see a woman with dark hair.
a person quickly walks through the frame.
first time whole group is seen
small zoom out
the people clap.
both of the people bow.
the person pets the cat.
first time hand is seen
frame ends with engine just before it touches left side
we first see the motorcycle coming through the water
we see a person walking right to left going behind a tree
dog stops running ' just looks around
camera shifts to the left for the first time
wheel starts spinning
rocks leave to the right and all we see is water
lady holding stick in the air walks from left to the middle of the screen
a man carrying a red bag passes behind the dancers.
the boy touches his face.
a bright light first appears at the back of the stage.
flames first increase greatly in size.
camera moves quickly to the right for first time.
big flag comes into view
cat comes into view
woman on orange carpet starts speaking
yellow engine exits frame right
the kids spin in the middle.
the cameraman walks toward the exhibit, and stops.
the person in the red coat exits view.
lights first start flashing
people first run in the door
the turtle swims up for air.
the baby hits itself in the face twice.
the man who is about to sing cracks his knuckles.
person in tank lifts leg.
a person leans in, and puts down a toy
the man says something.
a puff of smoke goes by behind the singer.
we see the bottom of the right shoe for the first time.
we pass by a white van.
the person leans to the left.
the hose switches from bursts into a continuous spray
boy playing in the sand is visible
two yellow cabs pass in front of camera
a man looking at some paper in his hands can be seen
first time hand enters frame
first camera flash is seen
camera is turned toward bow of ship
all dancers bow
the man sitting next to the woman with the yellow scarf nods his head.
the woman standing by the person in a white shirt raises her hands waist-high.
the dog falls down onto the grass.
the man in the black shirt is scratching his head.
the man in the grey shirt points into the camera.
a boy outrunning a small train.
fish swims close to camera
person is closest to camera
no boats are visible
the closest person passes almost out of frame
a person in a red plaid shirt passes by
a yellow race car does a burnout in front of a crowd
a car drives past a house in a meadow of green grass and rolling hills.
man stands up and turns to your right a bit
kid in green coat gets up and leaves view to left
first close up of singer
the dog is furthest away from us
car first turns to the right.
scuba diver comes into shot.
star first begins to strobe.
zoom out from trees
man first stands in raft
man starts dancing
we first see people in yellow/green safety vests.
camera first zooms to girl in blue singing.
man with yellow surf board goes surfing.
first time baby looks from camera to mom
van passes on screen
woman in number 10 jersey uses right arm to fist pump the air
man in white takes the stage
the camera is zoomed out seeing the dark room.
the puppy falls off onto its back
the boy hits the ball foul
the camera watches the lighthouse
little girl sets something on the ground
we see something very briefly in the bottom left corner
baby stands up
we turn right at the light
the man is not shown
the fish has something in its mouth
children arrive at the top
hikers are farthest from camera
everyone bows down
people are closest to camera
cat first sits down
first time woman holds something up
a group of lockers next to each other.
people crossing the street.
man in pink turns to us
baby is on white pad
dog leaps into bucket
one otter runs away out of view
lady lowers camera from face.
man in blue kneels on chair.
man holding red can.
white van comes into view.
second train comes into view.
a man in a white tank top walks by.
the cows look to the left at the same time.
the boy raises his hands to the camera holding an object.
the big white light first appears.
a person is visible briefly in the bottom right corner
the baby stands up
the motorcyclist pass by a traffic light
camera operator backs away from wave
wake boarder crosses wave
person pulling boxes walks by
man behind podium first seen
it is almost totally black
we see car go by bikes
the people come into view.
we see a second biker
girl starts to fold towel
lights turn from purpleish blue to redish pink
lady moves her hand up to her lips
small boy with orange collar can first be seen.
child puts his hand in the box of ornaments for first time.
camera brightens and is no longer dark.
a man smiling at the camera.
the people all pull away from the table.
the rock in the upper left corner can be seen.
we see the large black bag by the trash bins.
the focus is on a picture of a peach.
a red van crosses the road.
baby bends over and sits back down.
man backs up on step
we see green tube slide
the camera goes down after viewing a person.
the baby slaps the old lady bothering him.
the girl in pink hits the other girl twice.
the snake lunges at the camera.
the woman with a yellow scarf is seen.
the camera zooms all the way in on the speaker.
the screen goes to black, and then refocuses.
the girl sticks one arm straight up.
we see the man squat down to move something and then stands back up
train enters view
we see one ring
camera pans down to show skiis
first time we see a hand pet the cat
the boy starts to put glasses on himself.
the man climbs on the train
the man in brown pulls the string tight.
baby gives big smile.
lady first puts hands up to clap.
man begins to go down below on boat.
first glimpse of water with no birds in frame.
the camera zooms in to a distinct wooden building.
a person hand tries to provoke the snake.
the girl in pink runs up and then stops.
a very long line of people waiting is shown.
a person holding a baby in a bonnet goes by.
the black bird flies above the white birds.
the mcdonalds sign is shown.
baby kicking around a dog that is laying down
people walk in front of camera from left to right
people walk in front of camera from right to left
a person with red sleeves is walking away with someone with an umbrella
camera turns to go up steps to store.
first time we see bright flash in distance.
the little girl is standing still
the red shoe moves out of veiw
the woman moves a finger in the air quickly
both lights shine steadily
closest view of people
girl in red starts jumping
camera zooms in on kill
camera zooms in first time.
green ' white double decker bus begins driving away.
the cameraman starts moving.
the big truck moves to block the cameraman.
the screen flashes
the lynx walks away out of the frame
otter dives under and disappears as clip ends
we start to pan right
man starts playing his fiddle
blue light starts to fade to red
potted plants are seen on a small table.
a blue light is flashing on the water.
a little girl is shaking her head no.
man in blue shirt squats down.
brief flash of light.
person tilts screen for the first time
person bounces tennis ball before serving for the first time
ball boy grabs the ball in front of man playing and leaves
person riding backwards on bike passes by camera the first time
the camera pans from the fridge to the stove.
a woman in a brown sweater and white helmet enters and exits.
the camera moves to the timer.
girl starts writing
man on stilts spins in circle
fade in from black
close up of vlack and white hamster
we first see the road
baby first looks at person playing with them
we only see water
the poles are first lifted shoulder height
we see a lady in red dress walk out side
baby walks up to camera then turns and runs off
first time camera zooms in
a finger goes in front of the screen.
the boy puts his hand on his chin.
the screen turns bright green.
man hops down the remainder of rock climbing wall
large spotlights on top of skyscrapers begin turning on
first zigzag light pattern on tower can be seen
multiple fire displays go off one at a time in a row.
the man in the red shirt first rounds the corner
zoom in on record player
white vehicle drives past
red car passes us
first time man with light on head is seen
camera pans to the right and we see the lady next to us
person sets down the tool in their left hand and turns a knob
we first see the orange flowered plant
the woman briefly puts her finger on her face
the begins to cross the crosswalk
we first see the view bounce
woman in black first sits down in middle chair
we first see all three on stage completely
we first see dogs face
a guy in a blue coat is seen jumping for the first time.
first time a red car speeds by.
the man raises his hands in the air
camera pans left to yellow stick in the ground
two bright red fireworks burst in unison
the people start walking as the train rounds the corner
someone on a bike with a yellow backpack cuts in front of us
the white costumed figure turns around in a circle.
cars go by in the street.
the baby in the back wipes her eyes with both hands.
2 people in black jackets are seen walking past a man playing a guitar
2 sand pyramids are seen in the distance
camera zooms in on a particular mossy rock formation
drummer is first seen
bass player starts singing in the mic
first zoom on tower in distance
propeller first starts to turn
climber gets his leg over top ridge
silver pole first comes into view
we first see the window or screen
singer seems to be moving just a little less in these three frames
the trolley is at its closest view
a man is seen waving something
baby opens book
man in white hat exits frame right
sun begins to rise
zoom into the stage
the man in green puts the white object on the table
peekaboo and stands
the camera pans to the right to show a second child.
the child in stripes walks backwards.
the candles go out
batter disappears from view for the first time
a child lays his head on a red pillow.
clip starts with singer wiggling her hips like a hula girl
people out of view throw things at the man
the first car drives by
the man in the middle first steps out of line
a cat on the bed.
third frame
the woman in a white jacket steps back, and walks away.
a man in a yellow shirt briskly leads the walk.
two men walk off screen on the right
we first see the other 2 people
we first see part of the camel's head
lady on the right almost appears to sneeze
person getting in parked car on the left side of street.
women in green sweater takes a step backward
camera pans to man taking a photo
a portion of a building can be seen in the lower right hand corner
you see a persons hand for the first time
a man walks past the camera
roomba comes into view
only two motorcycles pass through this frame
green screen first comes into view
the lady brushes her red hair with her hand.
the guy on the left kneels down.
the animal starts his way down the hill.
the boy goes down the slide.
the camera shows giant dinosaur skeletons.
the cave walls zoom out of view.
a little boy flipping through a book.
second dog stands
man in blue shirt next to building exits frame right
woman touches podium
train starts to move
first time people are seen
a man in a blue jacket rushes by the gate.
the woman raises her hand to her face.
the person disappears behind the wall for the first time.
a guy puts water in his shoe.
a man touches the model boat.
a person in red jumps down the sand dune.
the cars first pass the camera going left.
least amount of clouds are visible.
background changes from yellow to white.
zoom into orange and green object on water.
cat goes out of view to the right
a man sitting with a computer.
a woman wearing green dances and turns around
the plane does a nose dive
the camera zooms in on the turkey
2 brighter lights first seem to dim
this person appears on the left
we first see the cymbals
bright light moves out of view
peoples legs first walk into view.
the camera shows only the baby in red stripes.
a person gets out of the driver's side seat of the van.
the go carts pass by.
waves are most drastic
we first see man in ballcap with black backpack
man with blue sash and hat begins to play his instrument
people pose for picture.
girl in orange hat first turns face toward camera
woman with hair pulled up and man in lavender shirt firs appear in bottom left corner
banner at top of screen disappears.
the girl stands up and walks away.
the old man pushes the little boy's hand away.
the small kitten gets stuck between the wall and a larger cat.
first time smoke is seen
man with black jacket exits frame beside camera
zoom in on blond wearing headphones
a group of people are watching a performance with flags.
a blonde haired woman in black goes to look at works in a room.
a man passes a bucket to a person sitting down.
an animal pops its head up.
the air blown display blows straight up and stays up
snake opens its mouth
we see someone walk through the fence o the bottom right
camera pans back to the left
baby first falls
we see a flash near flag for the first time
we can see the building or structure in water completely in these frames
we first see the tv
costumed figure starts bouncing
first camera flash is seen
first time child rubs his eyes
the man touches his chest
the last frame
the person presses the button twice
the other two children first sit with the girl in pink leggings
camera first pans left
boy in grey does trick on skateboard but doesn't land it
camera pans right and we no longer see the water spray
man who was on stage walks down and has back facing you
text slides in from the sides
cat stays in place for the duration of this frame
man picks up kitten
man looking off cliffside turns around and walks while rubbing his nose
a hummingbird flies into its nest through a small opening.
a blindfolded boy breaks open a pinata with a bat.
child first touches the long stick piece just for a moment
we first see rocks outside the waterfall
smoking and drinkng at a gathering.
red car first begins to drive after spinning out and sitting still
boy rubs palms together in front of him in these frames
we can see the row of six palm trees in these frames
person in middle of street is no longer in view
blue sign comes into view
water turns on
child begins to hop
we see large tv screen for the first time
we see the plane flying in the sky
woman first reaches into the item in front of her
the first time the boy kicks the ball back.
a viking exits the building.
bus passes by
person in red enters frame
man in red shorts is in view
a fire pit in a parking lot
camera zooms in on doll.
camera view looks up from ground.
person sitting is shown for first time.
camera zooms in on leaf.
first time flowerpots are seen
spotlight on crowd turns off
little girl shakes head no
the tree is first shown.
there is a spotlight on the crowd.
the girl shakes her head no.
first time smoke can be seen
camera man shows his face
first time man with his back to camera shielding his eyes from the sun with his arm comes fully into frame
a mobile makes a left turn on a snowy road.
a group of sea animals dive together.
a dining room table comes into view.
camera zooms in on person.
train seen coming at camera.
billboard comes in view for first time.
camera looks to show people in sled.
blue lights fade back in for the first time
man in brown beanie attempts to clasp hand with girl in red
people with cymbals are visible
a sign in green saying chinese can be seen
a sign in red saying maligayang pasko can be seen
the bird first moves
camera begins to be jerked around
the woman in red passes out of the frame
we can first see the program opened fully
a small bird in the grass.
girl stands up for first time
cat looks at camera
a man in a yellow shirt on a bicycle enters view from right
the answe is1237
camera zooms in
a woman wearing a brown jacket drinks something
a man runs by
a boy in a brownish shirt sits on the couch.
we can first see the stage.
kid starts smiling and shaking
kid shakes head no
first time guitarist exits frame
building on right disappears
words disappear
the green ride first falls down.
the bird is first seen.
we first see the table
we first see a paper on the floor
the first person walks into the building.
woman crosses her legs
boy first point to white sticker on jacket
we see the guy with glasses
a person back flipping in the dark
confetti and a white tube fly at a person
man in blue cap bends in front of camera
child in backpack stands back up
wooden fence comes into view
first time we see man in white hat
cat jumps into the tube
woman stops looking into microscope
cat scratches its ear.
hand enters frame for first time.
zoom in to mountain in distance
the two men grab hands and spin in circles.
the man goes out of view.
the text first shows up on the screen.
the people go fully out of view.
a car driving out of a tunnel.
woman first looks at camera
man in purple shirt steps away from van
man in hat spins to his right
guitarist raises right arm straight into the air
a view of a road near a town.
a little girl with a toy.
flutter can be seen at edge of black
man with his left hand on his right shoulder comes into view
fade to black
first time all screens go black
people moving a burning pile of wood.
the seal pops his head out of the water.
a sea snake is first visible.
the numbers 3, 5, and 7 are present in these frames.
animal walks out of the cave towards the gate
the driver first comes into view
boy sits on the brown part of baby pool.
blue shirt and bandana passes
we first see the guitar neck flick up
the baby in white touches head with only one hand
second dog scratches its ear.
baby first raises hand to its mouth.
girl takes top off box she unwrapped.
the baby first turns the page.
we see a bus enter this frame and exit this one
girls jump a second time
we see the man in red
we first see the passengers
screen fades momentarily
dog first runs right then left
giant yellow inflatable is first seen
the skater begins to fall,and catches themselves with their hands.
the purple butterfly is shown.
they move to the device with the sphere.
we first see people
first small group walks passed frame
dog has mouth open from yawn
a cat is running towards the camera.
a person with a black shirt and shades walks by.
the photographer passes by.
girl in blue walks up to 2 boys standing
baby takes first bite of food
a large swarm of ducks is first seen
we first see the concert setting
we can see the view behind the climbers
whole left side of boy's face is visible.
girl in pink shirt first becomes visible.
man comes into view.
woman holding girl points toward the right.
black cat sleeps on bed while a shirless man stands by
young boy sliding down the slide backwards
a boy in a white shirts turns the first page in a booklet.
first time a blue cart passes.
a small plaque is visible on the side of a model bridge.
someone throws yellow object on ground.
camera zooms out for first time.
the driver of the car is shown.
a yellow street sign is on the side of the road.
a monkey eating a large fruit.
a machine gun shooting toy objects at people.
big ben is no longer in view
the prchs is being filmed.
woman begins to shake red item
items are first thrown at guy in black shirt
the woman grabs the pole
a woman is fixing her hair.
the first biker crosses the finish line.
the cat first reaches for the phone.
a man is drinking out of a blue shoe
a boy in white is rolling down a sandy hill
dog lays down wagging his tail
girl in pink stands up
only gray clouds in this frame
fighters kneel
a man takes off his orange shirt to reveal a blue one.
two people pass between the viewer and the scene.
the baby first scoops the food.
the man kicks the green ball to the boy.
the little boy walks away from the drums.
bird doesnt walk
first time we see yellow ball
a hummingbird flies into the container
man in white sweater comes out to help the boy
we are looking around the opening of the dome
we start to look right
baby puts his hands near his mouth.
after zooming in the camera zooms out again.
the little girl exits the room.
the guy pulls the lever down.
the person in red can be seen for the first time
the kid falls down
first see the man
a girl holding a bottle and a phone can be seen from the front
conductor leans to his left
bicyclist rides through frame
red riding toy first comes into view
first time we see the coca cola truck
lady in red on left poses with man next to her
camera starts to pan to the right
last one down the road
the girl nods her head up,and down.
the camera pans up to the tree.
bicyclist exits frame left
first time hopping person appears
person in orange blows the whistle and raises right arm.
man with white beard touches his forehead.
another bird flies in
a person jogging down a road.
a brown object in the water.
a man in blue holding a camera walks past the camera.
the pilot waves his hand.
the cat is first visible.
cameraman focuses on the source of the music who is a person playing on the back of the room.
the jellyfish was left by its friends and now it is lonely '(
kid starts pulling on cart
baby grabs bar of playground equipment
bubbles are first shown
man grabs back of swing
a blue sign with words on it can be seen on the right side of the train.
a man showing something to their computer.
tree shown waving in the wind
we first see creepy pink doll up close
we open the door
the most blue sky is visible
a man with a white paper begins to walk across the floor.
a person is holding a video camera.
the camera pans away from the hammer ride.
the camera zooms in on the bird.
a snow covered hill is in view.
person scoops up tiny bug and places it on grey rock
cameraman turns camera on his face
cameraman's feet are visible
shirtless man puts hand on face
the train becomes clear and visible
the man takes a drink behind the device.
a shirtless man enters on the right, and talks to some people sitting.
the last man and his bike on the ground.
we first see the underside of a stingray.
person on the rock is visible.
chef donald duck runs out out view
man finally comes up for air
the man who was leaning over on the left, squats down
we see a man in a yellow vet on the right of the man in red
the rocket first lifts off.
the bird first bobs his head.
blue shirt first comes into view
woman runs her hand through her hair and flip her head back
camera zooms in and back out
smoke comes from the turning of the propellers
yellow bucket is not visible.
someone in blue runs behind the group
boat is almost out of view
train tracks come into view
people walk pass a large lizard.
biggest girl climbs out the playpen.
man runs around the back of the car
guy looks and camera then shows canned cream
kid is shown
camera pans to the audience
the man wearing black pants kicks something
a man is writing something then he turns and waves his arms
everybody runs away
racers pass in front of camera first time.
side ramp of fountain are facing the camera
man changing angles with his video camera
a black plastic chair turned over can be seen.
a close up of the animal eye
someone walks out of view in the back far left
someone first passes in the opposite direction
the sun rises
we first see the boat bouncing on the waves
the person's head can't be seen anymore
the lights are orange
the child has his arms around his mom's neck
the woman in the blue dress can be seen
man in light blue holding camera passes by cameraman
man at table stands up to fold the bib
baby throws smiley face ball up in the air for the first time
woman holds toddler with both her hands'
black cat first appears
first model passes view
adult and child first turn to ski towards camera
the camera shakes.
the camera passes a red jeep.
the camera zooms out.
the camera first shows a man lying on the floor.
a mans head goes past the camera to the right.
the woman displays the large container, and sets it back down.
the singer swings his arms,and grabs the mic.
a person smiling and looking around.
a train going past the station.
a camerawoman ruins across the street.
the ferris wheel swings by the bottom.
the girl in the green coat waits by the wall.
the dog jumps in the pool
the bikers pass a white bus.
we can see inside the windows.
the sky gets bright and then dark again.
the kid throws the stuffed animal down.
water hitting the rocks.
green lights change to one small diamond shape.
woman walks away from car.
hand first appears and adjusts something on top of the machine.
the woman singing goes out of view.
the tv on the wall goes out of frame.
a second cat jumps onto the bed.
the water is not visible.
a boy kicking a ball to an older man.
camera pans to show the teeny tiny structures
first transition to red carpet
girl starts speaking
a dog hitting the camera before it runs off.
the red stage goes out of the frame.
the cat rubs its head on the tire.
the old man kicks the ball to the child.
a girl running from a ball.
a scuba diver is swimming in the background
a hand is playing with a kittens toy
the cat plays on steps then runs through room and jumps into box.
women smiles and laughs after looking through telescope.
the hockey puck can be first seen
man in purple points off to the distance
person in red and cap walks by
other cameraman begins to move
little girl smiles at camera and closes her eyes
a little girl starts to smile
a christmas tree comes in the picture
person becomes visible.
person in black and white striped shirt goes out of view.
small section of sky first becomes visible.
we first see part of the lady's face
lights stop flickering
the little boy first stands up behind the lady
man in straw hat raises his arm up and down several times
bike enters bike lane
man in white shirt exits frame right
hand comes into view
we first see the path
cars peeling out and doing donuts
a smiling young boy pats his chest
cat swings its tail for the first time
cat makes first pounce after object
lights around middle-left turn from green to red
the words mail order monsters on a product.
camera pans right and we see a red bus
we pass some kind of giant mesh stuff
a woman with black hair touches her head
screen turns from black to a face
a woman with gray hair appears in the screen
the person dressed in white shirt hits the puck.
a purple butterfly is shown.
an egg shaped metal ball drops down and then comes back up.
a person in orange is almost crashed into.
a man in white drags a sign up to the rope.
fades to black
the camera pans to the driver.
the yellow bus is visible.
the lights first turn green.
the christmas tree is visible.
a firetruck driving past a burning car.
a boy sliding down a slide.
an exhibit with dinosaur bones.
we first see the back of train
a large bill board is seen
dog and sled are closest
the first car drive by in the background
the first person walks towards the back of the room
the baby hops off the chair.
the woman dances in a half circle.
we first see congregation/group of people
we first see the second part of white on this barge
people are clspping
a woman walks to the doorway.
the camera zooms in on the baby eating
the baby walks towards the camera.
the camera zooms in on the conductors movements.
propeller starts to spin
person in orange walks through frame
black flicker in bottom right corner
a girl in white with a blue skirt is shooting an arrow
a woman in black is bending a stick of butter
a man with a grey jacket on is tying his laces
the man exits, and bends over.
the boy touches his face.
a child climbs up stairs.
animal bones come into view for the first time.
large group of people are spotted through a gap in the rocks.
boy wearing a red helmet disappears from screen and a raft appears in the water
first time you see a man wearing a white helmet
we can see someone walking on the other side of fencing in these frames
baby begins to jump and spin
group of kids in orange first run away
someone walks off stage
camera pans to balcony
close up of animals
large mountain on right comes in view for first time.
sign is shown for first time.
camera pans to show screen.
woman in long sleeve blouse with arm up is first seen spinning
the train has passed to show caboose first time
jet first crosses over own cloud stream
we see the bird at its closest in these two frames
girl holds toy up to her head
banner comes into view
blond haired woman comes into view
a screen playing a video with yellow and green circles.
waves on a beach.
the man points at the camera.
the man turns over the table.
we first see other vehicles
we first see woman in orange sweater smile
we see someone close up and speaking into camera
children first begin to follow
the words fade away.
the girl looks surprised.
the cameraman is kneeling on the field.
a woman showing her bowl
camera pans past a white wall.
person points at their shirt.
a man in white shorts is briefly visible.
a person in a green shirt ducks under the net.
a monkey sticks his hand into a coconut.
a man raises his arms while balls from a machine are shot at his back.
person in passenger seat touch face with left hand.
someone places something on top
a blue truck passes by
a little girl start to blow some bubbles
the title screen flashes on the screen.
the image swipes, and you see a man briefly.
a dog with their mouth open wide.
the woman bends her and you see her cup
the kids stand up.
the plate starts to move
puppy looks up at us for a moment
a blue truck passes us on the left
little girl first blows bubbles
a yellow disk lands on the cement.
the dog rolls around on the sofa then jumps down
camera zooms in on the people for the first time
room goes from dark to light back to dark
no structure visible in this frame
first time baby looks down
tall gray building exits frame right
a person is playing the fiddle near the wall.
the man in the background makes a circular motion with his hands.
the camera fades to black and back again.
the animal walks across the path.
woman walks in from right and turns toward the door of the building
zoom in to baby.
child turns away from camera and runs away.
zoom in to stage.
2nd bird arrives
first time yellow ball is tossed in the air
zoom in on rock
man in brown shirt starts headbanging
start moving back down
woman in pink closes door behind her
first time we see smoke
brown animal jumps out of scene
child climbs out of chair
no nearby jellyfish in this frame
woman turns in a circle with hand on her head
the driver is filmed.
they pass a yellow sign
the ferris wheel leaves view for the first time
two lights on the top left of the multi-panel screen flash for a bit
bird scratches face with its claws
a view of a ferris wheel going past the crowd.
a woman standing near a wall with a mural.
the baby first bites the corn.
the camera pans to a large group of ducks.
the building on the right is no longer in view.
a bird flies away leaving another bird by itself.
man in blue/white plaid short goes out of view.
person reaches top of wall.
dog runs up to black object, then runs away for first time.
person in blue faces the camera for the first time, very briefly
a white cat plays with a cell phone
lady in red shirt puts hand up to mouth
bright light moves to left out of view ' we just see the halo
person enters view on right
the president appears on the screen.
someone finally picks up the drink.
the water is the most visible.
we first see a second large lizard
we first see woman upright
child gets the blue item/phone
candles go out
camera pans up to the score board
camera pans up to show the beautiful ceiling
person in grey almost falls over from failed trick
the large archlike object leaves view
a sign with the number 3 is visible
woman walks in from view on the right
a man appears in the camera
two men laughing then a woman appears in the camera
a white boat appears in the water
man spikes the hair on the dogs head
creepy 3 eyed moonster runs to the right out of view and camera pans right to show a man
clip ends with 3 people in a bath tub wearing masks
the two men circle each other
man on the railing leaves frame
the dog grabs toy with his mouth for the first time
man in red shows up in frame
plane first begins to move
someone in orange jump suit walks passed frame
object moves enough to notice a light reflection in the lens for the first time
we first see the other lizard in the grass
camera rights itself
the only shot with no mist in it.
the lights turn white overall.
a man walks past the camera.
two people in black shirts walk into view.
the index finger pokes the baby
a man in a hat gets in the way of the camera.
the man swoopes in,and hang in place for a brief moment.
the man is clearly seen pushing the swing.
the woman moves her hair from her face.
the camera pans to tanks on the right.
the camera pans to the outside of the fountain.
the dog charges the cow.
a blue sign is visible.
water initially starts running.
the girl splashes for the first time
first time carts pass the camera
a red line of light is seen
a person in green walks into view.
the camera shows a mans face for the first time.
a man with his arm up first becomes visible.
hand pets the puppy, not the dog for the first time
baby first runs towards glass doors
someone approaches to help child adjust stance
we see someone with long hair walk through these frames for the first time
the man is seen
the catcher runs back to home plate
smoke coming out of the train can be seen
an asian boy is talking with his hand on his chin/lips
the balloon falls into view.
the chef first rolls up a sushi.
a second man is first shown.
the singer makes a karate stance.
the air man's body straightens out completely for the first time
snake opens mouth
a person in the bottom right walks up and out of view
camera pans right and downwards towards the rapids
a woman in blue walks past the camera to the right.
the skiers first start moving downhill.
the face of the man controlling puppet rhino is visible
woman closest to the camera brushes her hair backwards
a red car spins out of control.
a boy rubs his hands together.
kayak is seen
the section of roof on the right initially moves.
the man's head is not visible.
the cat is lying down.
the building is visible.
a large island is on the right.
the overhead sign is visible.
a blue light is seen.
a man in a white sweatshirt is signing autographs
dog runs out of room
two men in the photo
person in water goes past us out of view
candles on cake turn off by themselves.
the scoreboard comes into view.
child points toward exhibit.
blue block toy first comes in to view.
blue car comes in to view.
vehicle drives past camera view.
rhino is scuffing feet on ground
lady on left fixes her hair
glass of brown soda on a counter
camera quickly reveals a red hair child sitting behind the grey parked car.
closest closeup
red lights exit frame left
golf cart comes into view
baby looks down for the first time at the water.
the red door on the train is seen
moves from stage to crowd
cat jumps back from phone
a close up view of a woman at a table.
text is first visible.
a person is first shown in the art.
a white plane finishing a landing.
a hand comes into view
the boy on the right first points at the screen
the camera pans to the rooftops purple lights.
a bottle slides into frame.
first time mom comes into view
first time we see steam
a woman being handed a cup.
camera walks backwards in fron of two men in dark jackets then we see other in white
man on right side sitting playing guitar, looks quickly to right
women looks up and towards the camera
second man enters view
someone new first walks into frame
dog first lays down
baby stands alone then falls
they first look at each other
the camera looks away from the baby and at the floor.
the girl in green spins in a circle.
the singer in red comes into full view.
the camera looks up at purple lights.
a yellow glass first slides onto the table.
the american flag can be seen
the little kid in black is seen running across the stage in the background
the woman switches the microphone to her other hand
the train begins moving
squirrel stops gnawing and looks to the left
white vehicle passes us on left
first time balcony is seen
closeup of penguins
camera zooms in on words on the paper
man in green shirt is in view
dog shakes itself off
the camera pans and you sea mostly sea until until the shore.
first see what is inside the pot.
child falls into arms of woman in black.
zoom in to blue flag for first time
large white building first becomes visible.
first view of tv
the man in the grey hoodie is getting ready.
the man walks by.
sky lightens briefly
child first bends over.
a man talking and pointing the camera at the field.
a woman standing up through the sunroof of a car.
an orange and yellow vest is visible.
a car driving past the camera.
a woman stoking a fire.
kittens goes back into hiding
cat jumps out of box at persons finger.
camera turns sideways to reveal strange view of forest
camera zooms in on mountain
a baby is seen laying on her belly kicking her feet
we first see cars moving in the background
we first see the stage completely
sphere changes from yellow to blue
thumb first touches screen
a woman plays piano as the camera pans to her left
camera zooms in for the first time
a second cat appears in the camera
the ocean dissapears then you only see land
only buildings, the sky is out of view
the woman gets her hair off her forehead.
the person in the orange shirt turns around.
a second person is shown.
we no longer see nemo
camera starts to zoom out a bit
we do not see large screen majority of the clip
machine first blinks
we see man with sticker, tattoo on cheek for a second time
student in all black runs through doors into frame and out of frame
a cleaning robot on the floor of the kitchen.
a display on an appliance.
cars going past a large ferris wheel.
torches blowing fire at night
a little boy fitting a shape into an toy.
the baby hits the yellow toy.
the dashboard is barely visible.
the man in green bends over.
a pile of dirt goes past the camera.
the man lifts his right hand.
a blue hat is seen.
the boy climbs onto the floor.
the person wipes the counter.
man in orange shirt and glasses is visible
the first train car leaves view
a large flash of white light is seen
the man in a hat looks to his right and smiles.
woman exits out the driver side
speaker is finished
we see a brown colored animal
another screen is shown at a concert
cars are driving in a tunnel
a dog grabbing a pillow.
fire truck drives past a car that's on fire
child slides down on belly
woman begins to speak
cant wait for christmas
person speaking has his hand on his heart
someone passes in front of the camera quickly
person pushes the play button with thumb
boy in orange sits down
cookies in the shape of a man.
first view of fireworks.
large hand on clock passes 12 for first time.
the camera moves away from the screen.
the man is not visible.
picture moves and we see a house
camera zooms in on puupy asleep on back
a blue light flashes.
camera turns around
the car drives onto the circle
the boy finishes his speech
we see the road
the camera passes close to a white multi-story building.
the guy in the white tee shirt looks at the camera for the first time.
the double doors are not visible.
the three soldiers march with guns on their shoulders.
ray starts swimming up
man walks out of frame to right
fire breather kneels down
a bird stepping away from a person's hand.
people sitting down at a table.
cat holds up paw to the camera for a close up
guy in dark shirt bounces a ball of him for the first time.
image on screen changes to a large white box.
guy in black gets pinned to wall by others.
a large coca cola truck on the street.
destinations on a large sign.
the boy puts whip cream on the drink.
the small girl enters the frame.
the animals head pops down behind the baby
camera jerks left momentarily
guy puts jacket away
first view of clouds in sky.
hand first enters frame
darkest gray clouds are over the two objects on the left.
girl in red beanie waves at cameraman
dog's tongue is visibly sticking out
a group of people wearing black/white with black helmets walk by
colorful banners are visibly hanging overhead
a man walking away while people clap.
the boat is furthest away
first time we see birds in the tree
we see a guy with a camera walk to the left then turn around to take a pic
bay takes first bite
we see a little kid in a helmet standing there
first time cat pounces
first kid runs back and tags in next one
man in beanie takes a sip from his cup
first time man steps in front of car
first time baby tries to put the mobile in its mouth
woman starts to swing
the largest light has made it almost all the way to the left
kid drops bag and steps on it
kid picks up bag, drops it and steps on it
man begins talking
person in front's hand is visible briefly
the camera mans hand is first seen.
the first time people appear
three people walk pass the camera
the dog opens his mouth for the first time
child first turns the page
mother dog licks the little dog's behind the first time
steam is released from the machinery for the first time
light sabers intersect in star wars game.
excited dog barks near a yellow raft.
man riding a bicycle along side the car filming.
person takes a sip of drink
the white cat lift head up
baby moves right arm
man in plaid shirt touches top of his head
hand enters frame
the person scratches the big dog's ear the first time
the kid and puppy run over to the door
the kid runs across the screen
the person in blue can be seen
the woman in light blue walks off
a human hand first appears
a blue tram going by.
view of a village through a bus window.
two young people walking into the frame.
an orange tabby cat curls up for a nap on a ledge.
the man adjusts his sunglasses
the man stretches upwards
the woman in blue touches the cell phone
woman turns to face the camera, smiling
the word murphy on the van is fully visible
man talks to the cameraman and looks to his right
woman in black tank steps up on stage
we first see out driver side window
we first see part of the boat/raft camera is in
stage first leaves view
the baby kicks her feet several times.
the woman finally begins to look up.
the eel begins to move.
hand pets giant rat
first time man sitting at desk is seen
the man is touching his face
the guys are kicking their legs out
the person is touching the silver circle
the boy in orange sits down
the camera pans to the bottom of the machine, and stays there.
the dog picks up the frisbee.
a white car passing a cafe
the camera shows the spinning food for the first time.
the man points to his right.
the brown rat makes an escape
the man at his desk laughs
dog jumps for wire/string
kids all stand up
the first tree disappears from view.
goalie kicks the ball
people walk through frame
a doorway with a painting of a woman.
woman runs her hands through her hair
bike tire comes briefly into view
a dog jumping into the pool.
first time we see the spot lights
camera zooms in to the boy on the drums
the cars enter the tunnel.
the camera pans to a woman in white.
blue trolley leaves frame through the right side
camera shows people on the train
man tosses object in the air
two people on camera
we first see the face of the guy in green shirt
we can see the street light
dog jumps up on persons legs.
all wrapping paper is removed from box.
screen starts off black with blue text.
camera pans to show mans face.
person places object down on table.
a man passes by on a tall bike
we can see the baby on purple smile ' giggle
the boy isn't talking.
a person walks out onto the stage.
the deer crosses the water.
the person is talking then raises his hand
a man wearing a blue shirt appears
we first see brown dog eat a treat
a girl poses for a picture
we first see woman in white top and jean jacket
we first see the back of boat
we can see pavement/sidewalk/road
the camera cuts from the house to trees.
colors change from red to purple
camera pans left and land disappears
man wearing a burgandy shirt sits down at the table
the man opens the oven and takes out something
a little boy trying to grab the camera.
two people giving a presentation.
the bush exits frame left
man in black and white striped shirt walks through frame behind costumed characters
first time a hand is seen
words disappear
the waves from the beach are shown
man exit car
man with glasses looks at cameraman
first two go-karts pass by cameraman
there is a snowcapped mountain visible in the far horizon
camera pans left and we see a lady pouring tea for the lady in red
screen goes black then we see words
tvs turn off just for a moment
big building comes into view
first time man looks at camera
camera starts to pan to the right
soldier does an about face
first time dog lunges
closest view of waterfall
fridge is opened
green fireworks are seen
moves from one pan to next
boat passes close by
child first raises up as if to be on toes for a moment
baby first pulls hands to mouth
we first see some railing/fencing
water runs down a bed of rocks.
a woman in a blue shirt slides her chair over.
pans to big screens at outing
seems to be a still frame, no light changes
cat is at the edge of bed closest to camera
person picks up the kitten
child walks into new room.
person pulls down lever.
a large cat behind the fence.
a black bird flies into the tree
we see a man with hat and camera run up and try to get a picture of parade
baby put spoons to mouth for the first time
we pass blue cans/objects
girl in white seems to wave hands as if to fan herself or ask someone to come
we first see hand acyually rubbing cats head
baby first smiles
the woman spins the toddler counter-clockwise.
there are no members of the blue team visible.
the model can be seen from the rear.
one of the band members leaves the stage.
the tree goes out of the frame.
the person tickles the cat.
dog and cow have a moment of aggression towards each other
building n3 directory is visible up close
cameraman shows his face
liquid is first poured on the things in the sink
a ton of the things in sink are visibly pulled into the drain forcefully
girl first splashes cameraman
cameraman splashes girl for the first time
a little girl dances with a stuffed animal toy.
a woman pours a liquid from a jug into a plastic cup.
a man in a blue shirt hurries to photograph a band on stage.
fireworks begin
it is 8 o clock
camera zooms in to baby
camera pans left
dog looks in the camera
a second man appears in the camera
the first time you see something in the water
first time we see someone jump off the cliff
we zoom in all the way to the structure on the table
man quickly raises arms
camera pans left and we see a yellow stake in ground
a black car is driving by.
a person is seen smiling for the first time.
a girl in white is kicking the ball.
a cameraman walks in front of the camera.
someone moves the drum set.
we pass by a man on a bike
the girl talking turns to look behind her
camera pans right to show the other spotted kitten
first time we see baby
a fish is seen swimming under water
a fountain of water is seen slowing down
a man in a white chefs coat is seen mixing a bowl of something
first time a child reaches into a bucket
first time we see the woman
the person in black turns around.
a wave of water begins to spray upward.
a bird flies from right to left.
the stage is seen
a family is seen clapping
snow is falling outside of a house
cat runs and jumps into a box
a woman looking into a microscope
the man in the orange shirt can be seen in these frames
the boy does not smile
dark bar on bottom first appears
we first see the image of a person
the cat sits down and scratches itself.
the cat first pops out of the box.
the camera spins to the left.
the camera zooms up on the distant mountain.
the boy gets on the slide.
the girl briefly looks at the guy.
the camera moves to the left and then back right.
a person in yellow is kneeling in the background.
waves crash over the rocks
a shirtless man is holding a sign
the little kid does not go back to the previous position that it was but prefers to take a different possition in await for the ball.
the camera shows the competing team
the camera pans to the sidewalk.
a red and white bus passes by.
no one is visible at all.
the man steering is standing the whole time.
a woman and a man is swinging their arms
a person with pink shoes stands by the shadow
a blue and yellow flag is seen
the mascots do the limbo
camera starts to pan to the left.
we first see whats inside the pot
man holds out both of his hands and takes a small step back
the singer claps their hands.
the camera views the street light.
a back wheel of a bike and piece of clothing appeared
first time a lady appears and she is running
the hand of a second person touches the baby
the camera zooms away from the brown object in the water
all of the kids are leaving the stage
duck has hands in the air
man head stuck in a machine.
person bends down on the left side
person wearing blue hand goes down
a man in green telling a girl where to stand.
a small girl doing a flip.
a small boy kicking a ball.
the boy drops the purple toy.
the man fixes his glasses.
the child lifts the toy but quickly drops it
the camera pans left
a large red bus on the street.
a train is passing by on the tracks
baby lift left hand to mouth for first time
first time dog leaves the room
first time without a hat
black floater exits bottom of frame
pass over a person
woman first comes into view
a camera man moving closer to something.
a little girl smiling at the camera.
person in black shirt be bends down.
camera zooms in on table with electronics.
we first see the front of a red car in the lot.
the performer is clapping.
the ball turns green.
the camera gets close to the flame.
the man drops the knife.
the runner starts running.
the man leaves the frame completely.
person in white walks out to edge of stage for first time.
first view of sunlight reflecting on water.
person in black briefly visible on left of frame
man puts on black glove and reaches down.
the boy picks up the stuffed animal.
the driver is first shown.
the tv goes out of view.
the green lights go out of view.
the circular structure can be seen
the person does a cartwheel
the hand drops the stuff.
the dog kicks the object around.
it gets dark momentarily.
screen changes to a bunch of circles
first time person bangs on yellow thing
we see the turtle appear for the first time
dirt is flung at the camera
the green robot moves away from the boy.
the girl in the purple shirt takes a bite of her food.
the man in the brown shirt smooths his hair.
the girl in the blue patterned shirt stands up and leaves.
the person pets the light brown dog.
the girl walks out of the frame.
a dog walks in front of 2 people playing the guitar
2 feet are being raised in front of fire
person with yellow skirt walks directly past camera
second zoom in
poi spinners in hawaii start spinning their poi
closeup of mascot group hug
we see a purple water bottle
we see the shoulder of another person in these frames
a man in black is driving
the camera zooms in on the red flowers.
the woman begins to talk.
the man in pink reaches the other side of the street.
the image on the screen changes to a news anchor.
a guard spinning around.
the first arrow flies
the woman first shows us what is in her hands
we first see a person
normal video goes to yellow looking video.
person holding a blue and a white shopping bag crossing the busy street.
sunbeam on street then person appears.
the baby falls to the woman in black.
a camera flash goes off at the flag.
the building on the water becomes visible.
we see the tv for the first time.
tree exits frame left
first time hand enters frame
singer raises hands and claps above head
we pan left away from capitol building
little girl wearing a green shirt touches her face
man is cutting something then puts the knife down
runners start to race
camera turns right then back upright
a man in a white shirt walks by.
an ordering window and counter are visible.
the man reaches for switches behind the small screen.
the entire snake is visible for the first time.
the display settings of a car.
camera pans left and we see people
we see a car drive passed on the road above the barge
people start clapping
riders make first curve
we see the big duck make it up on the ledge
two women are entering the building through a door.
first time baby closes the thing
two submerged seals are swimming away from the camera.
the sky turns completely black.
the sea snake is seen for the first time.
baby is looking at the dog
zooms in on traffic below
the camera pans to show only a tree.
a girl in orange is first visible.
the woman touches her hair.
the end of the train is no longer visible.
a woman turns to the camera then smiles
a man walks past the camera
a man turns around then looks into the camera
the man raises his arm then starts to play his guitar
we see the object of attention move
the race begins
two people walk out of the frame
the man pours
red traffic lights can be seen on left as we pass through intersection
kids begin rolling
first time we look up into the pink tree
the person in the bright orange and yellow coat is seen
the hockey player nearly falls
the purple butterfly can be seen
the silver drop falls downward
a person with a sword kneels down.
the camera zooms in on the white object.
the camera pans to a man sitting on a rock.
small dog playing with himself
a bus is visible.
a man in a brown and white striped shirt is visible.
camera pans down then you see people sitting
train starts to move forward
the people are clapping their hands
spotlights on the roof of a building at night.
we can see a white van pass from right to left behind the dign
everyone starts clapping
ball turns a bluish color
white screen turns black
dog swimming and climbing out of the pool
a woman appears in a tan jacket and swings the baby in red
mens legs are seen walking
a lady in a red jacket is seen walking down the sidewalk
first person passes through view
we first see red tube
lady combshair behind ear using her left hand
words go to person with hair partiallycover the face.
man in black holding something up against his side is sliding through the crowd sideways.
camera moves in front of man with black jacket
boy begins playing guitar
first time we see the face of woman beside cannon
man in green shirt enters frame
baby's arm is pulled through shirt hole
girl opens box
shortest frame
first time we see a hand
we see something pop up from bottom right quickly
person turns around and walks to the house
man with helmet points to something with a surprised look
man with tie is visible
person with hat has left hand on chest
woman sits in chair
man starts hopping
dog sniffs treat on floor
woman in white steps down from stair and walks off
boat sails across the frame
other swimmers enter view
man in yellow shirt walks in front
we first see the vineyard up close
we first see child in red appear from crowd
camera jerks to our left
we first see man with glasses walk through frame
the yellow parachute is visible
the man scratches his head
the person touches the toilet
the bird starts to walk
a green ball appears in the camera
performer disappears from view for the first time
blue screen disappears from view
cat first looks toward the doorway
water is not visible for a moment, 2 frames
the soccer net on the right side of the field is shown.
the person is no longer visible.
a person singing on a large screen.
man bends forward briefly
dog first looks behind him
we first see the back of the driver's head
title appears
girls begin speaking
first time cheerleaders kneel
a colorful line is shown when filming the sun
we first see the sun rise above the water and come into view
we first zoom in on stage
we see a woman in green with her shoulders showing
baby lift blanket to cover face a second time
first set of fireworks explode
first large red fireworks explodes
the girl gets up off their chair.
only the sky is shown.
the person with the flag raises his right arm.
the lone otter dives under water.
the man in the red cap moves in front of the camera.
the waiter walks by.
the lights on the bottom floor become visible.
large white truck passes
man playing violin comes into view
first time pyramids can be seen
close up of flute and soprano sax
the cat skidaddles
a yellow ball is thrown in for the first time
everyone in blue jumps up
we no longer see the blue line across the screen
boat starts to spin
we see someone fall down the hill the pop up running
camera pans left and we see a pole
two guys toward front high five each other.
player in white shirt hits ball for first time
dog turns head from right to face camera and lays down.
the kids starting getting up after rolling
we first see a hand in frame
we first see the ball begin the game
crowd first stands
people standing on a large round stairway.
the younger guy in the blue shirt first disappears from view
guy starts skateboarding
the man walks down to the front and turns around
the animal is scooped onto the rock
first see the man
man with long hair and sunglasses has his hand on his cheek
pan behind the camera
we first see the clouds moving
the toucan first opens its beak
we see the things on the water up close for the first time
the image first changes
a person putting their feet near a fire in a pit.
the man in black is engaging into the task.
nazi gesture.
camera zooms in and the out.
the candle comes into focus.
the person in blue touches her face.
the man starts to slice the dough.
words turn right is visible.
person stops feeding rabbit.
biker passes blue truck
several guys walk in front of the vehicle to cross street
we can see a portion of someones hand and arm
we can see the path
a yellow parachute is seen in the sky at a distance
view first changes to a completely different street/angle of street
child throws head back to move hair
barge/boat is closest in view
we first see the beach
boy in glasses unwraps his arm from boy in orange backpack
person playing trumpet tuns up towards the camera
girl smirks at cameraman
the barrel of an old cannon is visible
man in green first comes up and assists man on yellow device
the skiier jumps a small bank.
a yellow car passes below.
dog rolls back onto the green blanket
we see the door at its closest view
we see statues
the singer puts both of her hands up
the first time the bookshelf can be seen
the child walks out of the video
an old sign on the doorway.
the drive shows what's on the right and the left side of the road.
a man is looking for his vest, picks it up and places it next to him, and then searches for something in it.
a person walks by on the path.
obama on a large television screen.
speaker points at bike frame
we first see people
child first stops scribbling
we see a woman with red rose in hair for the first time
we first see a larger animal
a singer pointing at the someone in the audience.
person in red helmet begins to shake right hand/arm
we clearly see out the right side of the helicopter
we see the boy in white without his green cap
the kid hops up and down
the man is holding up two fingers
a guy in orange is shown walking around with a guitar on his back
we see a round monument
first time we see someones head on the bottom right
we see someone do a cartwheel
waves crash against rocks and splash up for the first time.
lifeguard stand first becomes visible.
pan left to show single boat then back to right.
kid pulls hands away from face quickly
lady in red hat laughs at camera
man playing guitar shakes head
a man in a white shirt starts to talk
dog starts to box the toy
the camera flashes begin to go off.
we see the white passenger boat for the first time.
a double deck bus turns the corner
the rabbit sniffs the spoon and runs
guy runs to shore with surfboard and gives it to someone
the diver first becomes visible.
the woman walks off the screen.
a hand comes into the screen.
the pig begins to walk away.
a couple billboards on the road.
a cat is sitting on the floor next to the person.
a person scores a goal on the game of foosball.
people are jumping and raising their hands at the same time.
woman starts to talk
camera pans back to right to see top of gold fuzzy coral
a blurry candle light.
a man cutting a large piece of dough.
we see someone in orange briefly walk through frame
we first see someone walk into view
we see someone reach onto the sound board
we first see snake moving in this frame
first time we see a shoe
first time girls jump
edge of window can be seen in top left in these two frames
girl in blue top long ponytail first walks to front with the group
child takes a second bite
we first see a flock/group of birds/geese
a woman talking to the camera.
the pinata almost hits the blonde girl in the head
we first see the blonde lady on the tv
high rise building top stories brightly lit.
single drinks slides across the table.
we see what looks like as plash in the distance for the first time
we first see a group of trees
a man in orange jumpsuit crosses in camera view
the screen dips to black and back.
the pirates of the caribbean game is seen.
a floating yellow tube is seen for the first time.
the camera first fades from black to an image of leaves.
the camera zooms up on the cat only.
zoom in on flowers
woman starts rocking child
bicyclist exits frame right
zoom in on screen
we first see a tower like building up closer before quickly zooming out
we finally see other side of plane
guy in red shirt first lift hands in air as if to offer support or catch the climber
a statue with a yellow light on it.
nothing but rocket, smoke, and the sky is visible.
man drinks a coffee while going up the mountain
first time man touches his face
first time someone does crunches
first time the light evens out
camera pans down to see the one puppy not eating
girls first hop
completely zoomed in and panning right
a duck swims beneath the white bird.
the screen is first seen.
the girl is playing with her hair.
camera zooms in on boy cookie
something orange in the lower right corner
a biker in a bright yellow shirt makes his way around the fountain.
excited, smiling baby in purple shirt.
green fish with blue edges begins to swim.
runners first start running.
man in black walks off to right of frame
chef pours something into a bowl from a pitcher.
a white animal is seen on the screen behind the stage.
the man is not in the scene.
a small child is staring up at the fireworks.
two guys jump over obstacles for the first time.
two people start walking as train approaches.
a person with a yellow backpack is seen riding a bike.
the child bends over.
the man pulls the lever down.
a dog on a leash.
toy is first tossed towards dog
a cat staring at the camera.
a snake is moving it's head and opening it's mouth.
a boat passes by several teams in canoes right before they begin to race.
a double decker bus turns the corner
a little girl stands up
a cat is licking his paw then licks his body
a man riding a bike wearing a yellow shirt passes the camera
man comes into view
first time man in red shirt comes into view
train engine exits frame right
the camera looks to the right.
the man is first visible.
a person walks past the camera.
boy starts to climb
woman glances over at man
camera pans over left to show other flowers
camera pans over to the left so we see the top of the green cliff
the least number of cars are passed
the girl in purple jumps up with a paper in her hand
scene ends with a person in green on the left side of the frame
we see a photographer take a shot
the singer points behind her.
the camera pans past a bald man on a stool.
the car passes a green sedan.
cameraman holds up card with picture of man screaming
cameraman walks in through first set of doors
cameraman opens door
mama chiuhuahua is visible
child first stands at the top
woman first looks at the man
we first see something darker behind the green object/plant
a large tv screen in the dark.
candle and flame come in to focus in this frame
racket is lifted for the first time
knife is first seen
the woman lays back and lifts her dress.
the red car crosses the line.
a woman in red walks across the screen.
a train is leaving the station while onlookers take pictures.
people on a boat are looking at the water.
girl on floor stands up
trees go out of view and only sky is visible.
everyone bows their heads briefly.
redhead exits frame left
white thing starts spinning
two people come into view
the larger half begins to close
we first look out window to the right
cat first lifts paw
we first see post
man on bike passes a white hummer
a guy in white shirt walks to the front of the red car and looks at the front end
camera pans to the left for the first time
we see a path
we first see something white
we first see people on stairs above us
a puppy jumping in the air.
man in denim jacket comes into view
zoom into screen
tv screen changes from orange to static to blue
a pair of speakers lecturing a crowd
someone stands up
man in black shirt starts speaking
something first sticks its head up from behind pile
we first enter the doors of the building
model house metal framing is visible
a boy trying to climb up the stairs.
child has hands covering face for whole video.
person in blue shirt seen for first time.
second persons face seen for first time.
the camera pans to a white roof.
a man playing the drums during a ceremony.
a sign with the word chinese on it.
person attaches them self to rope
guy gets out of white van
racers cross finish line
a person is applying something on the man's face.
only the animal is present
woman plays in her hair while walking.
first wave splashes against the rocks
we can see the lifeguards post
we can see a shirtless man with a painted face
we first the group of rowers closer
we can see people sitting down with a red light on them
the man smiles and says something the first time
a man first puts his hands on his hips
a fluffy orange and white cat first appears
a swan first turns to it's left
a person in a yellow hat first appears
green flag enters and exits frame
person briefly stops shaving cat
fireworks shoot up
the man in front of us in a black hat a light grey shirt looks us ' raises his hand to his hat
we have an extreme closeup of the machine
shirtless guy laughs a bit then throws himself back
we start to pan left again ' a white jeep passes the view
the man is shielding the baby's eyes with his hand.
the hand of a person dressed in white rests upon a rail.
camera is curving to the left.
man hand laptop to girl.
group of dark fish in view
kids spin around
a dog jumps and then rolls over, wagging his tail.
a singing woman moves her head from side to side and lifts her fingers off of her lap.
two women are talking and a man gives a thumbs-up.
a helicopter light can be seen.
the dog comes into view.
the baby touches his nose.
the tiger is no longer seen.
the dog leaves what he is chewing and runs to the man.
baby crawls straight toward the camera.
the camera pans to the singer on the big screen and stays on it for a short time.
the hand is first seen.
the woman in the black outfit walks away.
the cat's eye is shown very close to the camera.
man in red hat first goes out of view.
black and gray object first appears in top left of frame
text appears then disappears.
camra zooms in on girl
person in black standing
the girl holds up the book.
the camera moves off the face.
the turtle walks away from the green tray.
people walk behind the woman in black.
the lady in blue exits view the first time
the kid turns his head to the side the last time
the rear of the red van is visible the first time
the orange title screen flashes.
the girl turns the page.
the camera moves past the back of the yellow man
the camera films the base of the tree trunk.
a player raises his hands to the sky
a hand in a blue glove first comes into view
a kite is fully in view in this frame.
the first time no cars pass.
the filmer focuses in on one specific person's hands the closest.
a building is shown.
put backpack on back.
we see people on rocks.
the first time we can see the person closest to us move their arms
we begin to look at the road again
the dog takes off after the ball the first time
a fragmented coast first comes into view
a small boat goes around in a circle
view stops and focuses for person in black very briefly
first two boys touch hands.
black object goes out of view on left.
sweet boy first points out the window
the cool kids chunk up the deuces
we first enter the fenced bridge
man hammers nail multiple times
man in red lowers camera
we can see the ambulance the first time
the girl has only one leg on the horse vault the first time
the baby opens his mouth
we can see someone pointing the first time
squirrel first appears.
girl on left looks up briefly at girl on right.
person in yellow and white jacket turns toward camera and starts talking
man in light blue shirt on left disappears from view.
the man sits down.
the man in red lets go of the stick.
a man in white takes center stage.
light turns red
lady with blue turbin closest to camra
camera zooms in for the first time
man holds a piece of paper up to the camera
boy in blue checkered shirt falls to the ground
man finishes tying tie. cheers.
kittens bat each other's paws.
zoomes out from person in red
pass a yellow sign
first time we see the man
a moving object comes into view on the bottom right corner of the screen.
the stage is darkest at this point in the video, before it has been lit up.
a man with his hands in his pockets walks in front of the screen from left to right, then walks out of view.
small child on left lays the book on the floor.
singer grasps microphone with both hands for first time
man in yellow shirt first appears
dog shakes its head
the old man steps onto the bridge.
they began their sawing.
the little girl jumps into the water.
the first words appear on the screen.
an arm and shoulder comes into view
stage lights turn white
a man is seen leaving a tip
man points upwards while talking with one hand
man in grey lays both arms on couch armrest for the first time
dog starts running through the obstacle course
dog jumps through the hoop
an american flag can be seen
first bubbles can be seen
a foot is visible from the right side briefly
we pan left to see a single tree
clip starts with guy on left side leaning over looking at the others piece of paper
the idiots on top of the building all run together i a huddle formation
the man holds out left arm.
the baby looks back.
the camera pans to the left.
the models pass each other on the stage.
the camera goes down and looks down the light of machinery, with a light door on the other side.
the package sits on a wooden table, unopened.
the camera zooms in on the kid riding the horse.
the girl in green hops back
the guitar is first seen
the dog jumps onto the picnic table bench.
the boy puts down his ball and gets ready to kick it.
man in red jacket puts on red and white hat.
the man turns around to photograph the steam train.
the person running biefly looks back to the direction they came from showing a sandy hill above the beach.
a second moving head of a camel pops into frame for a while from the right until it is no longer seen.
camera starts to pan left
when the buildings have the most sun light on them
person in white is on the other side of the group not moving
we can see what looks to be the framing of the window in these frames
child on our left first looks at the camera
child is first on knees
they make it to the rug and stop
man in blue kicks left leg in the air
black screen to clouds in the sky
man in red first appears on screen
man lifts up baby as he walks past
the most water is visible
the man reaches his foot out towards the boy in red.
the girl plays the drum.
the camera zooms in on the shirt
the girl with the cymbals jumps
the first time we see the back of the plaid chair
we see the rocks on the left for the last time
child pulls something out of the box
the child at the podium scratches his ear.
the crowd begins to break apart
people start waving
hummingbird lands on water perch
cat stands up
child snatches tambourine from man.
writing appears.
we see the man on the balcony.
the trees blot out the landscape.
a man with a beard talks to the camera
a person begins raising their hand into the air
a woman in a blue dress raises her leg
a large red building comes into view
person in orange shirt enters view
orange cat laying down jumps up
lighter puppy gets rolled almost out of view
camera zooms in close to the stage performer
camera zooms back out
woman in white is visible
a shiny metal thing that someone is pointing to
man in lime green suit drives by
camera zooms out quickly and back in
dog takes a few steps to the left and stops again
the animal jumps off the chair.
the liquid is being transferred into the red tank.
the young man walks in and sits down.
the child throws the float on to the side of the pool.
the girl jumps into the pool.
a cat runs across the yard.
the water leaves the view.
a shore is shown.
the camera zooms in
the camera zooms right and a pagoda is seen
two people are sitting at a bench
the baby is walking
the camera pans right to the black llama then pans back left
water shots up like a wave, the one big whoosh up on the right side is the highest that has been seen
camera pans right and we see a single white light
we first seee the computer screen.
we see the flag waving for the first time.
the woman begins to speak.
man in suspenders turns around to come back
the ride begins to lift up
the tallest child is dancing with her hands in the air.
moon the biggist
purple light
the machine stops moving.
the red boat is not in view at the start.
woman goes out of view of camera
camera shows band for the last time
a man in a green shirt first appears
a man in a white shirt walks to the left
a brown bird flaps it's wings
a clearing in the forest is seen for the first time
the camera moves from the book.
the camera focuses.
lady with blonde curly hair comes into view
the bird feeder with the red bottom is seen the first time
we zoom in to the fire
2 people are walking by the non-flooded area
little girl moves footstool and wiggles
man's foot is visible
no rock is placed on the ground
a person is in the hall
a man's bare shoulders come into view.
the child re-opens the box that they just closed.
a man in a blue shirt jumps off a curb.
a woman uses her hand to comb out a small boy's messy hair.
the camera pans from a stage to a large lighted tunnel.
people wave that are on rock
the greenery is visible on the left
hand pets birds stomach
small girl briefly runs off camera
child picks up and throws food
tan puppy emerges from the bottom of the pile
camera man walks foward
log first comes into view
camera first zooms in
a bunch of white lines appear on the screen
we see a white cat with black spots investigating a black bag on the bed
a pink basket is seen.
the propeller begins to spin.
the camera zooms in on the seals.
curve in the road comes into complete view
violinist walks towards stairs
man in blue waves his hands
the cat leaves the room
the sun reflects on the water
land first comes into view
cat runs away into other room behind door
walk through the fence to the other side
a hand reaches in to pet a puppy
the dog jerks the soccer ball around
fish swim right to left across the screen
a woman dances with a man wearing a white shirt
the last car pulls away and we see the silos
first time man lays head down on table
baby in blue being held by woman
man places orange item on the table
before the car starts to move
woman is off of the platform
no bikes are visible for a split second in this part of the video.
the house is in view of the camera, then goes out of view.
a bird lands for the first time on the object in front of the camera, then quickly flies away.
the person behind the man with the hat stands up.
the first person makes a splash in the pool.
dancing guy squats and stands
camera pans right to see green tractor
the man drew attention to the screen on the wall behind him.
its head rose and is able to be seen vigorously chewing.
train zips by
people come onto stage
man in yellow not in scean
mans shadow clearly on screen
woman puts on wig
yellow oxygen tanks are present in these frames
baby in playpen moves towards the window
first view of man in sunglasses.
bird flies out of tree
grass first becomes visible.
woman in pink first covers her face with her hand.
he brings the mic close to him the first time
the kid wearing a yellow jacket exits view
the person touches the broken screen the first time
we are looking up at the sky briefly
a tree crashes to the ground
a red car first drives off.
an old man with a hat walks to the left until he's out of view
bits of yellow clothing can be seen.
the old man sits down.
a building can be seen.
the man dancer briefly gets on his knee next to the female dancer.
guy dancing past performer
performer on stage moves back then forward
focus on protest signs
two hands are visible patting the ground.
the person has one hand on the floor.
two girls are seen before the camera zooms out
the game cannot be seen
a lighthouse leaves the view.
a person in a red shirt and black hat comes into view.
the camera zooms in quite far.
the second pack of dogs begins to pass.
woman jumps in the frame
singer points finger really fast
person arm enters the frame
the lady talking to the camera glances out the window for a moment
the other boy hands something to the little one
two dancers enter the group from the right
little boy leans close to camera and squints his eyes and smiles really big
man pauses strumming for a moment then continues
camera zooms in and the zooms out
man walks back and forth in front of the camera
the item from inside the can is first unraveled
we first see someone with a dark outfit bottom left corner
the little girl takes the toy.
a yellow light flashes in the frame.
trees cover the view of the bridge.
a woman chases several small dogs across a room.
girl steps in to full view.
finger appears an points at the animal.
you see camera operator's full reflection in the glass
baby boy sucking on his hand
the beginning of an earthquake
you can see parts of the balcony railing
the first black car passes.
the camera zooms in
the camera moves in, and out.
person takes hose from child.
child grabs bar.
camera zooms out.
camera pans to the left and then to the right.
camera pans to the left and then back to the right.
a person in a light blue chef's shirt walks in front of the camera from right to left.
the person in black shorts sits down on the dock.
the bearded man on the left takes a sip of his drink.
they pass an open room with ornaments.
the dogs go under the table.
we see two elephants in this frame
person in red shirt enters and points at the instrument.
cat gets up and starts walking
fist first goes up in air in audience near camera
they pass the first sign
the finger points to the wall.
the camera moves to the bridge.
the vendor walks up the steps.
cat swats for the first time
man places hand on his ear
man in a green jacket enters the frame
spider grabs bug
they go to the left some
quick flash of instrments
dog close to camra
woman smiles at camera for the first time
a person with a cap on briefly goes by
a man thrusts his arms out away from his sides
a finger caresses the baby's arm
see lots of blue flashing lights
no fish visible
boy has a good laugh
man open mouth and it stays open for the duration of the frame
guy in yellow pants walks in front of the camera and we see the guy in red plaid for the first time
guy in blue shirt drinks from a can
we quickly get a glimpse of a yellow safety vest
lights are off as the truck makes a second pass around track
first time we see a yellow ' red striped flag
the turtle has passed us.
man on left kneels down.the
the bird lands.
cat rolls over the other one.
first time we see windows
first time man aggressively leans into dough as he kneads it
people disappear from view at bottom of frame.
screen goes from blue to black.
the train begins to move.
the man moves one flaming stick back to his right hand.
the view moves away from the creature briefly.
person near water is closest to camera
camel's head enters from right and looks down
the crabs enter the holes.
a lorry truck passes on the street
a puppy climbs into a plant
a man's face appears for the first time
a human hand picks up an electronic object for the first time
a woman begins to talk
boy in light blue shirt kicks forward with his foot twice.
girl turns away from the camera and touches her mouth
foot comes into view from right of frame for first time.
the boy smiles
a woman with a stroller goes by in the opposite direction of the people.
something appears on the left of the screen.
the ride dips down a small hill for the first time.
the girl in grey takes the laptop.
a man looks behind him and then back towards the front again.
a bottle is waved in front of the camera.
the yellow and blue train enters the frame from the right.
an ambulance can be briefly seen.
the girl backflips on the balance beam.
the baby makes eye contact with the camera.
a person dashes quickly across the background to the left.
person in the crowd holding up purple phone
tiny rock island comes into view
boy in monkey costume climbs first step
large log comes into view
large group is out of view
large blue background appears
domed roof first visible
sky first becomes almost completely covered with clouds
man in white bends over.
a person walks behind the man.
the camera zooms out on the man.
the fly comes close to the screen.
flash photography
the sea is seen
the man fills the cylinder
the bright yellow and green building comes into view.
the kid's face is visible.
the glass begins to fill.
the baby hits the mother.
the man uncrosses his legs and then re crosses them.
a woman is shown pointing into the habitat.
red car with two people in it makes a right turn and drives off
camera zooms in on chinstrap penguin
a man stops to take a picture of the lower level of the rotunda before walking
man puts hand in hair
man moves head down in disgust for the first time
child first turns around to face camera
baby has both hands on the try
person stands up and starts to dance
a car is seen
camera focuses in on the art work on the wall.
the person in the black hat and red jacket is walking around.
the bald man, in the white shirt, is eating.
the boy in the red climbs into the bubble
we first see the cameraman
angel on the left fades away
the dancers start to turn so that they face right
there are no buildings in this scene
the kid raises the string up to shoulder level for the first time in the video.
the screen is green and purple.
the flag fades to black and white text is shown on the screen.
lady in black bathing suit floats on her back
a man in a straw walks into view and exits on the right
the camera moves forward.
camera shows fish
camera shows ipod
we see the jersey of a baseball player on a big screen
man in striped shirt smiles at the camera then waves
the little animal is running back and forth
a man in stripes walks by
the person walks out on the tires
the woman in red looks right
baby gets up and exits scene
singer bends down then jumps up
several ladders including a very tall one appear in front
dog shakes his head fast
the view changes to a man's face.
the camera is facing the sky in these frames.
we see a baseball field for the first time.
we first see the second person.
a row of binders with different color labels is seen on a table.
a tv plays on a stand.
the dog sniffs then resumes the walk.
a row of three evenly spaced motorcyclists come towards the viewer around the bend.
we enter a store
when the lights on screen go around the first time
person with red coat is seen for first time.
animal begins crawling up bars.
photographer shift his body.
first time we see a bird fly into view
a white truck enters the view, then exits the view
view gets dark in this clip
the track is not visible for a brief moment, only trees.
the kid in blue is visible and looking at the camera.
a flash of a camera appears on the right side of the screen.
when the women stops and posses
when the girls are backing up
when the other cat walks into frame
dancing girl raises white sign
first time camera zooms in
a duck dips its head in the water.
a man in a white shirt walks down the street.
person hits ball over net the first time
a map is on the cellphone screen
the inside of the turkey
we see a lady in a black dress enter view from left side
bird slightly opens wings and shifts position
cat tries to exit bubble wrap through the right side
cruise ship begins to exit out of frame
a shelf on the wall with items hanging from it is in this frame
this last half of the video is the most well lit.
the actors pause and look at each other before they begin dancing together.
on person in the crowd puts their hands up in the air in front of the yellow tent.
no light is visible, the frame is completely black.
camera first pans down to focus on the green skyscraper
drummers can be seen
woman brushes her hair slightly
woman talks for the first time
woman looks up at camera
a large lake is visible
the woman in the bright yellow dress and long hair moves to the front of the stage.
the cat falls down on the floor.
the man shows the label on the bottle then puts it off to his left.
the camera zooms i nto two people.
the lady starts lighting the candles.
the water turns from clear to cloudy.
the camera pans left to see a closer diver.
the words on the door are shown.
the man on stage swings his arm around and up awkwardly
we get splashed' ah'
giddy dude jumps out of the plane
a blue object leaves view
a man in a gray shirt follows puppies across a room.
a person walks behind a man in glasses and a suit
a man in a black and white shirt leave the scene
man touches right ear briefly.
right hand comes up to the mic.
cloth is picked up.
one bar is slowly moving up to the left on a black screen
the male dancer has both his hands above his head
a grey and white cat jumps up on a blanket and a bookcase to a window.
traffic light turns red
person with blue head scarf disappears from view
only a plaque and an object on a wooden desk are visible.
the black and white picture is visible in this part of the video.
a shiny bald head becomes visible for the first time.
a man on the far right first comes into view
a little boy first smiles
lit doorway becomes visible the first time
someone walks in front of the stage the first time
signs by the tree are displayed the first time
a baby opens it's mouth wide
a hand moves a chess piece
a person in pink comes into view
a man in a green shirt walks behind the guitarist
two people standing in front of three windows come into view
the camera focuses on one blue fish among a bunch of grey ones.
a man in a business suit on the left bends down in front of us.
when the boy drops the bag
when the girl leans in for the first time
girl shakes her head 'no' as she walks towards us.
we can see the candy apples
the white bar fades away.
girl dancing in white pants grabs the metal structure.
the school of fish disperse from each other.
the man in the dark outfit is dancing with the woman.
man in yellow shorts is in frame
woman drinks from glass
the diver in the distance exhales the first time
the boy begins to point at the camera
the kid jumps off the couch the first time
the man finishes writing.
camera moves from ground to store.
guitar player is seen clearly for first time
woman holding red item leaves seat
camera quickly zooms in then out
tree flashes really bright the first time
the view of the ceiling
child gets up to grab something
camera zooms in to the fish tank.
an object appears in the bottom of the frame.
a brown haired man waves a jacket in front of the camera.
first view of drummer
animal in center of frame goes out of view.
tables with umbrellas come into full view.
man in street falls down
baby gets nose touched.
we enter the store.
we first see the balcony.
the camera zooms towards the rocks.
a lady with a fur hood crosses from the right.
we see a second elephant.
the train almost leaves the frame.
path turns dark for the first time
we pass a green sign and three cars
mostly hands and dough are just visible
camera spins around and we see behind us
a man in a yellow helmet balances.
a red truck is parked.
seahorse swims towards green plant
writing appears after pool
a person in the middle of the crowd fist pumps multiple times.
a girl sitting on a stool puts her foot down on to he ground.
the camera turns to reveal a red building with yellow trim and a group of people standing in front.
woman in shades walks by with black dog
man opens music box
american flag is visible
women run in place
second dog walks into frame
dog runs up ramp
woman in green hooded jacket turns around
a person in a yellow jacket can be seen in the distance
a forth dog jumps into the frame toward the black dogs
the little girl puts the towel on her head and shakes her head to the left
a bicycle is sitting there
woman puts both hands up to her head
person with jeans walks by first time in background
person walks past from left to right
the camera is turned sideways and then right way again.
the person filming approaches a wheelbarrow.
the stairs leave view
woman raises both arms and spins for the first time
man wipes his forehead
the two darkest frames of the video.
the performer is furthest from the camera during this portion of the video.
a person walks backward behind the man.
the camera zooms in on the man,and zooms out.
man steps back and brushes his hair
girl flips the first page
camera pans right and we see the back of a yellow shirt
camera pans left and we see a large tree leaning
the man in yellow and blue, carrying a green trash bag, is closest to us at this point.
a rocket of water shoots up into the air out of the lake.
the woman in the bright green shirt steps in front of the camera.
kitty first pounces at the screen
we first see the big tent
camera zooms out
the girl runs into the room
the dog looks at the camera
the kitchen is briefly visible
girl in white walks in front of camera
man grabs a single waterski
a large solid green light can be seen
room with flashing colors can be seen
the lights change from green to red.
the man in the red shirt claps his hands.
the camera pans up.
the hand tickles the baby.
the singer points.
the shaggy haired animal grabs onto a branch
a man in a gray jacket first appears
a hand first appears
the robot rudolph nods it's head for the first time
a dog first comes into view
a boy in a red and white shirt runs across the scene
as the skier nears the end of the run some mountains are seen
the words on a sign flash briefly
a hole in the roof is seen
a cap is removed from the bottle
we start looking at a different monkey in a tree
we see the woman's face that is standing up for the first time
the last person passes by us
the person in red begins to wave their arms
lady in pink jacket is seen the first time
the kid raises the bottle up for the first time in the video.
the camera pans right to show a person in black with their hands on their hips.
the person in yellow pants is visible.
white van moves out of sight
guitar player gets lively
man starts using saw
a plane disappears into the trees.
spotlight turn form red to white
hands are shown
the upper portion of the machine moves to the left and stops, then proceeds to move back to the right for the first time
man in white shorts looks away from camera
elevator doors open.
liquid starts pouring into glass.
we see the person on right first time.
the camera zooms in on the girl with the brown shirt.
the camera zooms up on the mans face.
the turtle walks off of the green tray.
the woman picks up her phone while the puppy she is holding stirs.
the scene of the bridge fades from dusk to night.
first time we see red
first time we see a bike
first time you see a hand
kid throws cup down
first veiw of t.v.
man squats down
person first walks up to kid in swing
we zoom in to the people on stage
the baby takes its hand away from its mouth
we zoom in on the stage
the shot cuts from one monkey in a tree, to another.
woman with yellow shirt is first seen in the background.
we see the two people standing among the seated people.
girl puts leg on boys back.
girl rides past fence.
the tennis player in white serves.
cat jumps down from chair initially
cat hops back on chair
cameraman begins climbing the wooden ladder
cameraman has entered the earthen hut
a stop sign is visible for a brief second
car pulls into driveway
man walks by behind man
we get a better view of man dancing with item
bear looks up for the first time
camera pans towards the left
only one person on the boat is visible
man in yellow throws something to the ducks
taller woman with bun hair turns her head to the left
stage lights are at their dimmest
person points at the crowd.
man stands back up.
the train doors close
the car first backs up in reverse
the last time the water falls down
the face of a lady in a black shirt with black hair can be seen
man has hand on microphone
cat jumps off of furniture
the girl begins to fold her shirt
the first time a fish is seen
the first time we see a pumpkin
fire first appears
propellers begin to spin
the reporter is talking to the camera.
the kid in black bangs his head.
the person picks up the remote.
the girl falls to the ground.
the baby turns her head sharply from her left to her right and then back to left again.
a car's headlights come from the trees.
a man holding the hand of a young girl come into view
blue tarped object is in frame
man in hat points to sign
man pulls jacket over his head
camera pans to upper levels
the two dudes bro-hug
the man that was crouching over stands up
we first see the flats go off above the stadium
people are seen at the ledge.
runway stripes are visible.
the girls drops to all fours, and crawls the first time.
the singer exits the frames
the wedding parties throws the confetti
hand touches puppy
woman on the right puts hand to her ear
the view from a window looking outside.
the light changes from green to yellow for the first time
the turtle begins walking to the left
lights change from blue to red and then green
camera pans right and then you see a man wearing a red jacket
a man plays the piano and then a woman appears wearing a colorful sweater
a man is waving his finger for the first time
the little girl pushes the little boy.
the driver goes around a motorcycle.
the baby first goes to bite the table.
the two men pull in the zip line basket.
the bearded man's face is visible.
the person is wearing their red backpack.
no water is visible, just sky, trees, and mountain.
this frame is the darkest for a brief moment as the camera pans left.
car passes person in light green
we just see the kid sitting next to the tv in this clip
we see a man talking and camera pans right to show a blue computer screen
the people begin walking
red booted foot is first raised
we pass the white van
woman in white coat enters frame from left
we see the person hand first time.
a bike passes on the right.
man lifts the white sign up.
bird runs towards black object.
camera zooms in to guitar player
camera first zooms
turtle takes a few quick steps
the signal is seen
a bike is seen
an arm appears from what seems to be under the plane.
the girl in the white hat looks at the camera.
the girl gets down on her hands and knees.
when the girl on the motorcycle has her arms up in the air
the white line on the right of the road becomes visible.
the deer hops the fence.
the person touches the vacuum.
the dog jumps the opening hurdle.
the cat wearing a costume falls over on its side
a football player with a red jersey runs by
a woman appears at the top of the stairs
a person's thumb opens a pod and exposes peas
two men in blue shirts are seen in front of a small crowd of people.
the baby has a cap put on it's head and then turned over as the blanket is removed.
a woman in a blue dress wearing a light hairband hits a bell.
we are done looking at the drummer
the man holds a leaf up to his face and the giraffe eats it
man in black riding the bike exits the frame
tan dog is visible
third turtle comes into frame
the baby puts the spoon in her mouth.
the red flag is shown completely.
a blue sign appears on the right side of the road.
red lights flash rapidly.
the narrow pathway of grass is covered with snow.
the screen changes to a darker setting
the first wave comes in
we can see the green vehicle the first time
the wall of rocks exits view the first time
camera moves away from statue and towards water
water movement slows significantly
we see woman in blue
camera pans left and man's head appears
person in rocking chair picks up his foot
little girl bangs bongos
adult's arm shows in left of frame
man takes hand away from chin.
the camera pans to the right, then back to the left.
the kid in the green shirt reaches to touch the camera.
a child in a yellow shirt is chasing another child in a pink dress around a post
a man lifts up his right arm as if pointing, and then drops it again.
big shark appears'
man steps up to table.
light is flashing red.
we pan away from woman.
person in blue shirt walks from right to left
man is hammering the object
other person points at cake
three girls got in position and started dancing for the first time.
electric poles enter the scene for the fist time.
the two chefs grabbed the long doe.
we see the car on the road start to move
person behind the man stands up
skier comes into view and flies into a pool
trows truck up
lady comes on stage
first see man with white shirt
starts to turn from screan
a hose is taken away from a blond toddler
a child walks out of the pool
the main in bluejeans bends down on one knee.
the woman in the white tee shirt grabs her neck.
a large object is seen being thrown into the water and making a splash.
the people in yellow shirts with the dragon on sticks are visible.
a person on a sled being pulled by dogs passes us.
when the camera shows the ceiling
when the girl falls to the ground for the first time
when the guy is not on his cell phone
the baby girl shakes two hands
the car passes under two bridges
a picture of someone's face is visible
a man in a white shirt puts something into his mouth
a camera man is seen
a man puts a cigarette to his mouth
kid running into the ocean
a man in a hat walks through the foreground.
the camera pans to the left quickly.
the lighting goes from blue to dark.
the man puts hand on hip.
the baby looks at the cat.
the bird reaches down for a drink.
the camera goes away from green hat girl.
we zoom in a bit on the tree blowing outside
we see the man wipe his head with his right hand
camera peeks into a book shop window
the man points at the red sign.
the baby is looking back.
the deer lifts up his head.
only two birds are left.
red shirt picks up something from the table.
man beats drums frantically.
sun comes out from behind the plane.
we pass a yellow line.
baby grabs a handful of food and crams it in his mouth
police car passes cameraman
car leading fleet of cyclists pass by
toddler kneels down and leans by step
person takes headphones off
man holding up framed picture
the person in the light blue shirt with white text on it is visible.
the camera pans up from black to show a poster of a woman.
notebooks with neon colored labels are briefly seen
a tv then a child with a toy guitar is seen.
a hand is briefly seen holding onto a dog's leash.
a fast moving insect crosses the plain
two officers ride their motorcycles
we see a big part of the lawn.. and the green grass grows all around all around
girl begins getting her groove on. hey' ho'
pepe le peu bowls his ball
we see the dark faced sheep
the ship exits view the first time
the camera is sideways
we see the whole train engine in this frame
drummers play along with the dancers.
the woman wipes her brow.
a woman with a pony tail turns her head to the left.
the paved road comes into view
when you first see a black object
you see only one tiger fish
man places arms around tree
children appear for first time
bird briefly spreads wings
the man bows before the audience
people walk in front of the stage
the girl in white hits the ball.
the guitar player on the right briefly moves out of view
cute dog first runs out of view and we see a foot
a man gives money to the musicians.
a piece of hair blows across from the left to the right side of the screen.
a man in a red shirt walks past a man in a blue shirt.
a man in a hat and sunglasses stands outside a doorway.
we can see a person sitting at the table briefly
a bright light comes into view the first time
the lady begins to speak and move her hands
man first starts juggling
in these two frames the sky is most clear
boy in multicolored scarf is the only one in the frame
the child sits down.
the man appears to grab at his head.
a second person arrives.
the first time we see the cage start to rise
adult holds hose
boy holds ladder and climbs
the screen is blurry as the camera darts from left to right.
the frame is darkest in this part of the video.
the camera moves on,and walk off down the hallway.
the camera moves down to the child under the cameraman.
the bus driver's head is first seen
a man eats a live worm
a baby seems to sneeze
the tail of the second helicopter is first seen
it became apparent that it is very cloudy.
first time she pons to map
piano player first leans and lifts leg
person climbs up on rock
the kid puts both hands on their head.
the baby bounces up and down instead of side to side.
the camera focuses on the machinery and no people are visible.
boy looks at the camera for the first time
beer bottles first come into view
large truck passes by
the baby rolls over.
the woman in purple leaves view.
the man in stripped shirt looks away.
fish first appear
windshield wiper comes on first time
the two men discuss the issue on the screen.
the child removes the bubble wrap from the box.
a girl flips around a book to show her class and then flips it back around to herself
the cigarette ashes still appear to be intact.
the tray that the turtle was on is not visible
the first tree hits the ground.
the baby's mouth is open wide.
the red car driving alone passes by.
the man in the black hat walks off to the left.
the man picks up a little grey ball and shows it to the boy
the person lifts up the backpack and puts it on his back
the camera is the most shaky as it pans the valley
the camera is panning the scene to the right
speaker first raises arm towards screen
page first turns
we can see the yellow shirt
we see up the large trunk of the tree in these frames
dancers stop in routine to clap
camera pans up to show a large balloon animal
little boys pushes girls car away
person on stage runs forward and drops to the floor
man with tambourine lifts arm high up into the air before beginning to play
we first see the animals.
the words are on the screen.
the screen begins to show an image.
woman in red jacket walks by
child touches mouth with right hand
camera passes person on bike
girls wearing white appear for first teme
camera pans left then right
both dancers raises their hands
we first see a hand
man in red shirt touches chair
the boy bends down to pick up snow.
the green lasers shut off.
camera zooms into read the word strawberries
woman in black twirls scarf in 360 degree motion
close up of cats eye
both hands are closest together
second hand touches the screen
child get up from other table
little girl in pink has hands covering her face
black screen briefly
a single blue and yellow fish comes into view
the first flash is seen
the side view mirror first comes into view
the chef first picks up the dough
camera pans to the left and we see something covered by a green tarp
the man in black on the right crosses behind the man on the left
a man lifts his baby into the air above his head as he walks past the bystanders
two people sit on a bench by the beach
a woman in pink pants walks across.
the words 'the gossip' are first shown.
when the truck passes the camera
when people are holding there hands out
first time we see movement on the ground
first time we see a camera flash
camera pans left
we see the man in blue pull his arm up out of the tube
a boy puts a paper lobster on his head at a party
woman is waving
kids left foot first touches the ground while riding
the cat walks of the cushion.
we see the building.
a woman in red is pointing at the sky.
the camera zooms out on the band.
the people on the ride briefly go off.
the camera begins shaking.
dog almost leaves room with piece of food
person turns robots head to the right
white rooster flaps his wings
the lens flair comes into view for the first time in the video.
the kids in the background stop moving while the man waves his arms around.
the person holding the baby rubs their finger on the baby's wrist.
a tractor trailer toy and remote are shown in a still display.
a little girl in a blue shirt and dark pants walks across the street.
the person on stage begins to hula hoop
we can see the greenest vegetation on the left
we can see freshly dug up soil
the people on stage begin to hold up their sticks
the fans together displayed '1923'
the bridge appeared to stand solid against the gushing current.
the little one circles his back feet around as if to loosen them up.
25161 can be seen on the train
a man standing next to a bike
person sit glass down
the baby looks at the camera then screams.
the climber slips down.
the little girl starts to dance.
the man in the red jacket turns around slightly.
model train begins to move forward
singer squats down then stands back up
we pan to the right to see a green engine
speaker looks up and gestures with his right hand in almost a fist
the yellow van is visible
the train moves
the small fish darts from right to left
a person in yellow walks through the frame.
the person walks on the shore.
a woman with a stroller is passing.
black cow first starts to walk down hill
camera zooms in to the baby eating
we see four men in military uniforms posing for a picture, then we see the flash
the moment that the chickens are first visible
the dancers on stage first begin twirling the objects
the red bird exits view for a moment
a toddler releases her hold of the bar and starts walking by herself.
two people have a toast as the numbers on the screen continue to rise.
grill opens revealing meat.
extremely bright light is seen shining through the tinted glass on the right.
skier cuts into view in front of us.
child stops climbing and looks at camera for first time.
texts disappears and animal appears on screen
zoom out to see bridge
soccer player clad in black moves to receive a pass, passes the ball and trips over opposing player's foot.
speechmaker makes gesture towards crowd and continues speaking.
the man raising his hands above his head.
the little girl falls while pushing the shopping cart.
texas state flags are waived in a crowd.
a server enters the room with a platter of food.
last person reaches the top
one bird no wave
see a tree on right
club lights turn red
when the man in the red ski jacket appears
boy in strip sweater leaves tip
man begins waving his finger
the first firework explosion is seen
the white pitcher comes back into view
we pass a white bus on the right
ball drops when juggling, he picks it up
shot with the most clouds.
the two men talking to the camera can be seen in the shot.
a person picks the can up
an image of a person wearing a white shirt is graffiti'd on the wall
a man holding a guitar case walks past the singers in the subway station
a hen looks down into a white bucket
red lights turn blue
man in orange joins woman in red and boy with dog then they all walk away
dog snatches object from child
there is no man in the frame
ant on the key board
the person holding the camera gets closer to the fire.
a catapult launches.
a person walks by with his arms out in front of him.
the moment no water is seen.
a bench is seen in the lower right
two green signs are seen hanging over a bridge before passing overhead.
a child is hoisted up
feet walk into view
guy dumps something from a white bucket into the spinning machine for the first time
we can now see what the dog is barking at the first time
the first time we see a car pass
the girl in pink reaches the right side a second time
the man bends to retrieve the item.
the dog begins to walk away.
kid in blue slaps kid in white on the back.
girl with pigtails walks towards us.
man speaking lifts his head up for the first time
a person in black is passed out on the curb
ambulance is visible
train begins to move and speed up
the really big fish passes mostly out of camera view
large red and yellow ribbons unfurl from the top of large human pyramids.
a man in blue and white shorts points at a body of water
we pan to the left passed the road
camera starts to pan right
the red car enters view
we can see the light green structure in the distance
the people sitting at tables is visible
the train exists the frame.
a boy drops a beanbag off a walkway above a large square marked on the floor.
a girl licks frosting off a cupcake.
we see a fence post
the first time we see the large colorful object that is hanging to the right of the performer
first time we see a car drive past
the boy smiles for the camera.
they return the first book.
the man in pink leans forward at his table.
camera pans to the left slowly.
person begins splashing water with hand.
person is seen hunched over
person with two dogs enters from the right
baby drops toy for the first time
man brings hands down to his sides after having raised them above head
motorbike passes us and splashes camera
people jump out of a perfectly good airplane
we first see people
the hand first reaches in.
the hand turns the large dial.
we go out the door
we zoom in on the baby looking in the chair
person in orange shirt lays down in grass
a blue bottle is partially seen.
a long antenna is being turned in a circle.
the front of the red van is no longer visible
the yellow table comes into view
we are now looking at the tree with not much green grass by it
we see headlights for the first time
baby has hands on wall.
train is now passed camera.
person starts walking
black car is coming up behind this car
woman in black leans to the left.
man covers baby's head with hand for first time.
girl touches her face with hand.
person touching rail goes completely out of view.
the yellow toy bows his head down
the singer has his hand on the microphone stand
the little girl kicks the ball into the goal net
the right side of the frame is blurry and grey for few secs
we begin to see the bright red structure in the distance
she rubs her nose the first time
the sky exits view the first time
we see the girl wearing a pink jacket the first time
someone finally checks on the baby
we zoom in on the band
singer crouches low to the ground
antique tractor in view
a wirework launches into a clear black night sky
the purple flowers are at their closest.
the child is floating on his back.
a man in a hat walks across the frame.
man swings around then raises both arms overhead
we first see the motorcycle
man with yellow sleeves moves arms like he is swimming
zoom in on woman in red
man in black shirt raises arm straight up
first time we pass a small sign
first time man comes into view
the truck ramp begins to raise and levels.
the man on the far left of the group walks forward.
a man in grey pants is breakdancing.
no one walks across these few frames.
the first man in yellow on a bike enters from the left, and exits on the right as he passes us.
the girl looks out the window.
the baby puts a sticker on the book.
the girls jump up.
the baby reaches for the camera.
first dog goes under the table
woman holding up a decoration
animals are directly next to each other for the first time
we go around to the other side of the girl
we first see their face
we see the front of the shuttle for the second time
the person in white pants hits the ball.
a person in white is seen in the meadow.
the bird is not in view of the camera.
a duck floating in the water enters the frame from the right.
the child briefly lifts the plastic container.
people begin to clap.
the man in green starts to drink.
light can first be seen reflecting off of the water
the dog first walks away from the little girl
a cat's face first comes into view
dog jumps fence
rubber duck changes color back to blue
a triangle topped statue is in view.
a cat falls on to it's backk while it grabs hold of a toy.
red dirt bike coming around corner
noel flashes above house
camera passes man in black jacket crossing arms
we first see stage up close
child is running in the hallway
we first see a bright light
dog first looks away
we see the entire screen with both singer and guitar player for the first time
we see part of someones head to the left
people riding motorcycle pass by
the woman lifts both hands up.
the chicken dashes in between the twe birds.
the man rocks out dancing
the mans face is not seen
person in yellow shirt appears for the first time
baby is turned on its side
red flag comes into view the first time
text appears on the screen the first time
the man in orange gets on the escalator
the bug walks on the wall before walking in the doorway
woman in green gets off the couch
man rolls fabric on stick
woman takes a quick look out window
baby in blue is handed a sticker
two dancers kneel to the ground
when the baby first grabs for the camera
brown animal attacks the other animals
person in white hat walks by really fast
red firetrucks have the vehicle lights flashing.
toddler turns and smiles while playing on a keyboard.
baby removes left hand from mouth they waves it in the air.
two people walk pass really fast
baby nibbling on left arm
can out to reveal a clock on a wall
another house can be seen far away in this frame.
the camera focuses on two hands moving the meat around on the grill in the table.
the camera zooms in on the orange fish in the green water.
a hand appears on the left of the screen and lets the bug crawl on the fingers.
person picks up white piece of paper
for a moment, a guest is seen also manipulation the touchscreen interface.
the boy in the black shirt displays that he has a different method of blowing that may work.
a large white dish with dark brown food is placed at the center of the table
a waterfall fully comes into view
the number 92203 is seen.
the dancers are lifting and dropping both arms in rapid succession.
a bird comes into view.
a man in shorts exits near the camera.
the baby starts to look back.
the boat is zoomed out on.
the girl in the white sweater catches the food in her mouth.
the man is facing the camera.
a man walks across the frame close to the camera.
the birds get splashed by the wave.
we can see the shore that the filmer is standing on in these frames.
a yellow pole comes into the frame near the end of it.
a man sitting in a barber chair comes into view
the subway train doors close
a man with white hair sits down
woman with dog enters from right of frame
hand opens up box
american flag in view
woman hops up
the bottoms of the cranes is visible
a child first touches a computer keyboard
a person extends their arm out for the first time
the baby first puts his fingers in his mouth
we are looking at the sitting man statue.
ground is orange.
we see the top of the structure.
the first biker to ride past
guitarist turns to the left with guitar pointed in the air
girl picks up dirt and bring it towards the camera
the dog runs out the water
everyone claps while photographer lifts camera and flash goes off.
man looking out train window points finger
woman picks up drink then takes a sip before putting it back down
girl in pink throws ball
frame is completely dark
rabbit flips yellow vehicle into the air
man falls backward onto his butt
we see the gentleman with glasses for the first time
we can read the word 'time' projected on the screen
person that's taking a picture
the building that is behind the crowd
the man starts walking up the ladder.
first time we see a dog
lady with mic clear on screan
cat jumps of box
captin walks by
stage turns yellow
man kisses baby's head.
guy buckles over from laughter.
cat grabs other cat's tail to start a fight.
person on right holding phone goes out of view.
woman takes a sip from the glass for first time.
baby looks up and to the right.
man with number jersey comes into view
man wipes his eye
camera reaches divide in bridge
animal runs back and forth
camera man begins to go down the stairs
first dog goes under the table
one dog by himself
person tosses leash on the ground
boy and girl first end up on grass
woman in red with camera can be seen
man holds his right arm forward
boy looks more toward left
first bright flash of white light
girl waves hands in air
we pass underneath a bridge
the first biker passes by
we can see a person's hand on the screen
blue lines at side of road become visible.
animal jumps the fence.
finger touches the metal object.
man in black backs up and dog runs out.
the woman smiles for the first time
a man on the right walks out of view
cutie pie slides down backwards
we first see the people swinging
fighter first stops moving
a man picks up an object from the table.
an animal lifts its head from the ground.
the camera zooms in on the woman in red for the first time.
a fire truck can be seen briefly.
everyone jumps up and down.
two people walk their bikes.
camera rotates to side, then flips back over
we first see the grass
a green flag is first seen.
the cats face is clearly seen as the gloved hand holds its head.
the stick is still banging the ground but the woman is out of the frame.
fireworks first shoot.
the woman in pink is recording
two people sit on a rock
no one is seen
a woman walks by the camera
the doors close
the person begins to play the piano
the landscape view pans over to a statue.
the lights are only orange in these scenes.
a person wearing purple enters the view.
the girl first enters the scene.
the guitar player points with right arm.
the hands point at the large animal.
we see the dirt road the first time
the bridge comes into view
teacher sitting on desk quickly looks to the right
a green tent on the street
a finger comes in the frame
rabbit tosses yellow toy truck
woman steps back from man and sits on floor
guy with glasses raises head slightly
camera pans right before quickly returning left
the washington monument appears in the distance
a hockey player tries to score a goal
two people on a couch with a baby are visible.
the person in the green and yellow hijab bends down.
the man with the mustache is visible and talking to the camera.
a man sits down.
the camera goes back to two people walking.
the door is opened.
woman with glasses smiles at camera
camera pans right then left in one frame
cameraman waits for cars that never come
man in orange is touching the accordion.
cat stands and starts walking first time.
light dog is rolled over.
we zoom in on stage.
the hand pets the dogs.
the dog is shaking his head.
this is the part of the video with the first red firework.
the train is not visible for a brief moment.
a woman dances next to the singer.
the man offer the child the microphone.
the singer raises his hand.
two people are standing on the left.
the girl in the pink pants sits down.
both people begin sweeping at the floor.
the dog stands up suddenly.
an ambulance is on scene to treat a patient.
the man in a denim jacket takes a photo.
the children put on the dragon costume.
a cyclist in white passes by.
the singer puts both her hands on the mic
a cat toy on a bed is picked up and is shown to the cat
we first see the lights
the bird is facing the complete opposite of when we first saw it
cat darts out of chair and out of frame
person/animal in the background leaves this frame
first kneeling girl stands up
person under a canopy bends down
guitar player takes a bow then wipes face
we see the wooden structure for the first time
cat rolls on his side to play with toy
the dog runs to a maroon pillow.
the woman's hands appear from under the table.
the animals are walking together.
the girl with the blue scarf is waving at the camera
the little boy is passing the second red car sedan
the camera is tilting in these frames as it pans right
the face of the man in black is seen fully in this frame
the camera turns to the person filming.
words appear at the bottom left.
a hand reaches in.
ducky pops up to scare.
ferret opens mouth.
lightning flashes in the distance
a large log on the forest floor appears
a man in an orange cap walks past
the stage is suddenly illuminated by blue light
quick zoom in to people on ride.
all children raise their arms for first time.
tram driver passes the camera
mechanical arm extends far out, points at camera, then turns away
a hand is visible tilting the cup to the side.
the kid in green points at the book.
the woman in the yellow skirt kneels in front of the yellow wall.
the bird flaps its wing.
the dog scratches on the glass.
person walks away from person laying down
cat walks away from the wall to leave
white sign is visible
we first see the singer up close
a red van drives past a gray parked vehicle
a little girl in a bee costume walks by
a person in a blue top comes into view
a pair of headlights first come into view
before the other background lights appear
woman with red shirt is visible
dog looks at camera then starts waking toward it
propeller starts spinning
a train named black prince pulls up.
3 girls run in place as if it were a dance move.
a person doing karate squats onto the ground, stands back up, and then bows.
dog turns around and faces to the left of frame.
woman in gray sweatshirt if briefly visible on far right.
bird in rear runs rapidly down a small bank.
close up of dogs in water.
when the firecracker burns out
when the light flashes for the first time
a man in a white shirt is briefly seen on the right
the lights turn from 3 to 7
people no longer in view
man raises up guitar then lowers it
dog first appears
trees with purple leaves pass by
a man falls onto a safety net
a woman in glasses is seen for the first time
a tiger chases another tiger
two vehicles first collide
first person on runway passes the woman in red
orange object in water starts moving to right
man in gray takes of what appears to be headphone.
man in suit first appears close up
the camera pans right
a person is walking
a man leaves money for two people singing under a statue.
a red, black, and white sign written in chinese is visible.
first time rifle is raised
orange seat is briefly partially visible
the branch is not being blown around
person on far right looks down
camera pans right to see large, round aqua structure
camera goes by a telephone pole with bright light in background
people carrying a triangle banner walk by
the baby goes to the woman
the man has a phone mouth
the frame is half pink, and half a dog moving around on the left.
we pass under a bridge, from one side to the other.
the man in the yankees cap inspects paperwork.
the clock flashes as it reaches an alarm.
a hand plays with the puppies.
yawns
the camera turns to focus on a woman in a white coat and black scarf covering her face.
the camera zooms in on a man in a black shirt walking on the field.
a man holds up two signs
the baby eats the yellow plastic
the lady exits view
person's face not in these frames
we go back to the people that are playing on stage
dora first looks back at the camera
we see the man in blue with the red backpack which is clearly data from the goonies all grown up
boat first comes in veiw
camra veiw turns upright
people jump in
the bark of another tree is shown in these two frames.
the kids begin to run.
the elevator starts moving upwards.
the camera pans to the left.
water fowl are seen on screen
there's a green cover that shows profiles of us community colleges in view
zoomes in
pushes button
kid waves to camra
we pass a yellow sign.
sun is seen for the first time
people are seen walking in background
everyone is crouching
girl in purple is visible
animal is still
dance with her hands to the sky.
a stick with a yellow ball is in the scene.
boy dips into bubble bottle for the first time
hand tickles baby for the first time
man reaches end of the stage
lights change pattern from blinking
boy wearing an upside-down toy boat on his head passes by riding a horse in an uncomfortable looking costume
we first see a white edge at the top of the gross slide
person squatting stands up and walks away
boy runs off towards the back
cat walks out from between the toys and towards the camera
a woman dressed in black first comes into view
a hat is placed on the babies head
a red flag first comes into view
an extremely long fish first comes into view
the parent splashed with the happy baby.
baby looks at camera then shakes its head violently
man stands up.
girl claps her hands.
man in red shirt turns briefly to the left side of frame
first time our view is sideways
baby crawls up a couch at the same time another kid grabs a toy and runs off
we see someone prepping a stomach for a shot/injection
person on floor in background raise arm
man gets loose from woman's grip and walks off
csx sign goes out of view
man in pink hat walks in from right of frame
the bird suddenly turns its head
a boy in a red shirt taps a girl on the back, and the girl speaks to him
a man with a red hat and red suspenders participates in a parade
baby hits man's chest for the first time
person stands up
girl claps hands
man looks to the left
a girl runs past a boy with a hat.
we see the stage of the amphitheatre the first time
someone points at the bird that is being held
we first pass several white lines
we pan down the river to see a bridge
we see a baby seal close to its mommy
person in yellow not in frame
person on right scratches head using left arm
the girl and boy hold hands.
the speaker touches the man in yellow.
the dog gets up and walks out of view
we pass by a wall panel as we walk a buffet line
last car first comes into the shot
camera pans up to family
blueberry muffin first seen
a scenic mountain view seen from a hillside.
the person in the striped shirt takes his hands off of the old man's butt.
the piece of wood finally falls off.
a tall girl swims up and helps the shorter girl jump down into the water.
munk 169 is visible on screen.
we see we are on a fake roller coaster.
person's head comes into view.
white jacket takes something from the man.
the dancer in blue stretched out the left leg.
a boy in a white shirt turns around and walks away from the viewer.
the little ballerina on the left dances by the mirror and touches the mirror.
the cat laying on the rug jumps and lands on her other side.
the camera zooms out,and back in.
the tow girls gesture with there hands overhead.
man in suit enters and exits frame
yellow car passes by for the first time
dog moves front paws forward
first shot of a black and whit photo
beetle crawls back out of dirt
zoomes to fire
first time we see the table
first time we see the star under the wing
someone in red gets up and walks away
we see the lady in red dress, watch the rest... hes naked'
we can see a long/tall silver pole on field
zooms in on trees
camra passes a tree
seal jumps in water
girl exits frame
camera pans to right
green sign covers most of frame
someone walks off path
they pan to the other grill with the round pancakes.
the camera shows the woman bending over.
a man with a white shirt and backpack watches as the people go by.
the baby raises his foot.
the camera passes people on a bike.
people walk down the hill behind the woman.
the man wipes his forehead with his hand.
the bird jumps from branch to branch.
the woman holds up, and rotates the bottle.
the shot ends with us zooming away from the man.
the girl in white dancing raises her hands and claps.
a group of people all raise their arms to catch the object.
the man waves.
a rodent darts across a cage repeatedly.
a woman in a red shirt walks across to the left
we focus in on the two trees
the ocean is visible
the seal jumps back into the water
the bug moves the most in these first two gifs.
man walks in back of group of 5.
we see woman in blue dress and white shaw/scarf enter and exit frame
there is no water in these frames
lights flash on model toy radio tower.
dog runs away from fountain.
people are jumping into water.
dog begins obstacle course
the cat jumps to the floor.
the young girl is filmed.
two big fish enter the view from the right
a person videoing walks into view and across to left
first time we pass by a metal pole
the two chefs on the left end toss around the roll of dough and plop it back down
the door is kicked open
it gets blurry, and refocuses
man pushes bike behind crate
man enters and sits indian style on the ground
man in red enters from the left
man at the podium walks to the right and off camera
we first see the baby
we see winnie the pooh/orange looking bear with red shirt green scarf
first yellow road sign passed on right.
dog turns head away from camera
baby rocks head left and right repeatedly
first time all spotlights point down
the band leader crosses the stage
the boy rides his bike in a normal fashion.
the woman in black puts on a hat.
a man in a red shirt steps carefully onto the bridge
a man begins to saw a piece of wood
a girl with red swim bottoms and a green life vest jumps into the pool
the plane emits a trail of smoke
the person comes into view.
the kitten sits on the desk.
the television screen is visible at the end
the mouse next to the keyboard
crane moves a little to the left and starts to tear down the wall
we pass the boy in orange helmet, then he passes us
we see someones feet in a hamock
a double decker bus goes by
a striped vortex appears on screen
the plane begins to twist around
a green colored decorative lion can be seen
cat releases toy from mouth
2nd cat shows up
a black car passes by and brakes
woman begins balling hands into a fist
we can not see the person in bright green/yellow shirt here
we can see the laptop/computer in these frames
we see something floating alone in the body of water
we first see the woman's face
bright yellow blanket appears
a leg is on woman who is in white shirt's back
girl drives past a metal fence
the young girl in the green dress bends over.
the dog goes through the tunnel.
the baby touches the yellow hold on the rock wall
black car is visible
girl is touching her toes
the man in a white shirt darts into the background
the puppy crawls back in
water shoots up high
boy snaps a photo of the animal
the shark swims out of the frame.
the boy in a yellow jacket joins the other kids.
the child in the orange hat stands up.
the speaker spreads his arms.
the camera zooms in on the large screen.
the woman stands back up.
the close up of the man is gone.
the camera shows a man watching the screen.
the biker passes parked cars.
white words appear on screen.
camera leaves the stage.
blue shirt lady shifts position slightly.
bird falls over for a second.
the start of a relay race.
girl spins around for the first time
person begins to walk off trail
the woman takes the blue pacifier out of the baby's mouth
the man puts something red in his nose
the woman in black hops off the moving cart in the distance
person in white coat kisses boy on the head
man in black shirt points up
a person gets off the couch.
the man steps off the stage.
the first time a woman is seen.
text first appears.
the camera pans left to a man.
the frame goes completely dark.
kids jump into another stance
the ambulance disappears behind the group of cars
passing car travelling in opposite direction
lightning flashes in the distance behind the boats
lady in red shirt comes in to view on the right
we see the man talking shake his head no, then nod yes then quickly brings up his right arm
baby starts moving forward.
bright light fades and flags waving become visible on left.
waiter with tray appears from right.
woman starts to clap
first time we can see a bit of the window frame on the left
man in an orange hat walks in front of camera
clip switches to a blue screen background
dog gets up and runs away
the doors on the train close.
a person sits down.
we first see dog jump on someones leg
we can see whats being watched on the computer up close
we first see the battery brand
woman first smiles
dancer turns around
both men run off to hug the man in the blue shirt
a hand is seen on the right side of the frame.
the dogs begin to fight.
the man bends over, and grabs the ball.
the large portion of clouds pass over the building
the man with the tan jacket has left the frames.
the girl in white almost eats the doughnut, but can't, and makes a full circle with it almost in her mouth.
a young asian woman first comes into view
a kid rides a bike past a red vehicle
a white building first comes into view
a young man in blue jeans and holding a backback first comes into view
man in gray t shirt in view
brown dog is in view
odd fish in group of other fishes
old man is looking for something
person walks by in white shirt.
dog goes crazy.
baby drops stuffed animal.
a motorcycle drives past.
a man climbs onto the stage and claps his hands over his head.
the cat rolls over and lays down with the shoe.
the man switches the glass back and forth between hands.
the ride begins to spin rapidly and tilt on its side
one of the kittens dives into the hole
the chicken ran out of gas
we see a camera flash the first time
little girl takes first bite ' makes a funny face
we are passing along the graffiti on the wall
the camera zooms in on the violin players.
the man in the funny costume sits down at a table.
an elderly women wearing a green shirt and a red shirt wrapped around her waist rides a bike with a basket attached to the front of it.
woman in red dress twirls around with her dress flying in the air.
the confused spectator wanted to get a closer look.
flashes of lightning filled the sky.
the cold boy speaks and shivers.
the color guard switches from a baton show to flags.
the interviewer points at an object off screen.
only the animal can be seen
a white tent in the background
white car is briefly visible
cameraman in green walks out of view
we see dog for first time
espresso shot begins to brew
baby grabs at shirt
the stage becomes outlined in red lights.
guy in dark green shirt is dancing.
giraffe gives the man a kiss on the cheek.
bald man in a long sleeve tee can bee seen
bright light first becomes visible
woman interlocks her fingers for the first time
girl in yellow darts out of view
we see a mountain dew can for the first time
a shark comes into view.
the man begins speaking.
a cannon fires.
the outside is shown for the first time.
the woman switches dancing partner.
first time view goes out of focus for a moment
we see the guitar player point to our right
woman in red first stands up
man takes off headset
we can see the photo collage
the man begins to play
we briefly see someone below pointing up
someone walks across
bridge is in view of camera
uncooked food is shown
camera pans to the right to show a group of people then back to the left
fish chase each other around.
man hand woman a white towel.
red jacket turns to walk away.
hand strokes dog's head.
first see inside of book
tree branches shown on ground
a dog runs down the track.
the man in the blue sweater scratches his head.
someone appears behind the girls.
large group of birds flying in the air
something in his hand may be map'
we see a person in black enter the view from the right
a person in a red shirt crosses in front of the camera
we first zoom in top a rectangular map
tweety first flies out of the nest
the doggies come up to say hello to the human and proceed to spin around sniffing each others' butts
goggles-man disappears from view
we finally look up
singer is furthest away
the ride starts moving
the girl first looks at the boy
a third person leans into view to pick up something.
the man in overalls turns around and walks towards us again.
the ride is at its farthest away.
two children return to the line.
we see a group of people
cat snaps at object with mouth a second time
car starts moving
first boy exits frame right
robot kicks the ball
the doors close for the first time.
the girl in green drops to her knees for the first time.
we see a closeup of a guitar and then a woman.
child wearing red hat and black clothing fall in the snow.
man playing piano touches his face
a girl in white shorts jumps
there is not a light colored pigeon in the frame
someone in a white hat passes by
the person steps away from the tower and puts his hands on his hips.
a cat is visible on the left.
the background behind the swan is darkest at this point in the video.
person in orange hat and jacket leaves frame
goalie is on knees for the first time
both the wooden table and chair are seen.
a man is holding a picture by a destruction site.
a man in blue and yellow shirt has his hand up.
the boy in blue right in front of camera on the left leans over and spanks himself
girl successfully changes her frown to a smile, if only just once
a different foot enters the view
the man is not there
the lady that is talking to the camera turns and runs on stage
the kid closest to the camera begins moving head erratically
the curtains begin to open
she falls down on the ground
a pink sign is on the camera.
the man touches his nose.
a view of what is next to the parking garage
we are the farthest from the fishermen
the low flat end of the train goes by
we see a red hat
the lady first steps away
the weird mangled thing is closest in view
the fire first disappears from view
person wearing all black is walking towards big orange ball
words disappear off the screen
man on tv kisses two fingers
nurses adjust mask behind ear
stage lights dim and the area is pitch dark
camera pans to the right to see a woman with a camera
camera pans to the right so we see the building behind us
no movement in this clip
the lady begins flies off.
the focus of the camera shifts somewhere else besides the main stage.
child is kicking his feet back and forth.
girl stops playing and walks off.
head passes through the frame and blocks view of singer briefly
child takes his arm out of the towel
man playing piano walks away
camera arm on crane starts moving right
first time we see the girl on the right turn around
camera starts to pan left
the camera goes out of focus.
a graffiti covered white brick wall comes into view on the right side of the frame.
the camera zooms in on the performer.
the car moves to pass the truck that is carrying a load.
we see a child in a grey shirt come into view.
dog enters through door.
characters start running rapidly around the stage.
man in white kneels down
sky first becomes visible.
we first see lights
cutie patootie runs to the water and back for the first time
uh oh' the little pumpkin dropped his first toy'
this is the part of the video before the people start running back and forth.
the lazy dog ushers his friend closer to him.
some hand motions came signaling from the window.
we see the boy shaking his feet.
girl with flute enters the screen.
a person walks to the right.
child frees his right arm.
camera speed first slows
woman blinks four times
camera pans to the passengers window
concrete structure on the other side of the gaurdrail
people are not watching what he is saying
can see the helicopter wings
the purple spotlights are shining on the crowd
the little girl leans forward on the table
all of the lights are now on
two people hug.
the group disperses.
the camera zooms in for the first time.
the woman is securely strapping her backpack in preparation for departure.
the sun glared over the mountain.
the camera zooms in.
the camera first zooms in on the baby.
the old man sneezes twice in these two frames.
man pushes the button on the metal device and a red light flashes
we see the red double decker bus in these clips
the screen behind the person on stage changes to a spiral
toy starts to rotate
'it' shakes it's booty and laughs
they drive by bright green lights
light first a pears
horse first turned sideways
person sits on bumper
snake/dragon is now makes a looping wave motion
personon left in all black waves both hands at camera
mann in a white shirt and red cap stand up in front of us
girl starts to fold shirt
shows diver
first see house
kid falls off scooter for the first time
person in orange falls to ground
man enters view
device with buttons is in view
a man is seen walking towards us
man holding cup puts left arm to neck/chin
man with cup takes sip from cup
cameraman filming interview with girl is visible
man takes a puff from his cigarette
man puts down a jar/cup of something
blue object on wall comes into view
one of the people up front walks toward the back
we look over toward the chicken on the gravel
the cat hops onto the table
they are going up the ladder
someone runs in front of the camera.
a naked man is standing with a suitcase.
a man walks past the camera with a backpack.
dog and man start running
baby reaches us
the camera moves right away from people.
the dog hops the red bar.
the baby starts frame looking up.
fish no longer in view
man in straitjacket thrusts hips forward
man in blue shorts exits frame
baby moves left arm
a second man begins to juggle.
the big dog's head is visible.
the camera zooms in to some animals.
pit crew runs out to car
baby's face comes into frame for the first time
we see donald duck sign for the first time
the camera moves to the other side for the dog.
the bird in front runs.
the camera zooms in on the water.
man with glasses moves hand upward
man with green shirt and white dips under water
puppy investigates shoe
baby closes hands together for the first time
a man is seen peeking his eyes toward the back of the bus and then looks away.
a man reaches for his first bite with chopsticks and then eats the food.
a baby sneezes.
a person jumps away from a helicopter and then runs away from it.
an animal walks from right to left in front of the camera, then stops.
the woman's red and white sleeve is visible.
camera pans left to waterfall
auto camera turns and flashes
dog runs through the tunnels
the ferris wheel is its largest
the view is blurry before gaining focus
we see a frame of some kind pass across the screen.
the girl in the yellow hat looks up.
the baby stands back up after crawling.
the adult stands up behind the tricycle.
person working
kid shakes hands
no thing in scean
the person in the stripped shirt walks by.
the boy sits down.
the woman's red shirt is no longer visible.
the woman has her hands on her hips.
someone in blue walks passed
we can see purple then pink in this frame
the camera pans to the left.
a man in a white shirt puts food into his mouth
a man first points to a box
a flashing light is first seen
patio party outside the church comes into view
we first see the dead guy waiting to turn next to his first meal, then we first see the zombie that already, as the sheep sit around watching.
the girl turns around and walks up the stairs.
the baby with hairs first looks at the camera.
the remote opens the curtains.
the baby sits down.
the fireworks turn from red to green
four poles are in view
bridge is in view
only one animal in view
the dog stands up.
we pan away from the guy in green playing the drums to see a lady with a curly ponytail
the singer seems to now and take a step back
we walk to a tree with a bunch of signs laying at its feet
guy in red hoodie is seen clapping hands.
person on the right in yellow raincoat
driver holds down the woman's arm
the sheep with the black face
the man raises his left hand briefly.
a white line goes across the camera.
boy lift string up towards his neck
camera zooms out away from the screen
person starts cutting the food with scissors
zoom in on fish
finger first points to insect on keyboard
we can see the person wearing a yellow jacket
we see the stained glass window the first time
the building exits view
first see girl in red life jacket
zooms in on girl in pink
a red green and yellow flag pops up in the frame.
the cat bites the shavers foot.
someone runs across the screen.
christmas lights go from green to red the first time
person by stroller bends over to pick something up
the human train leader first leaves camera view
we pass a person jogging by on the left
the keyboard illumination dims
a man dressed in black sits down and gets up briefly
an adult comes into view
a man in a red jacket comes into view
the other child at the top is seen
a red light blinks in the bottom right corner
a goal is scored
a person dressed as a butterfly on the street.
a woman is practicing her golf swing.
woman grabs the microphone and starts speaking.
man is walking backwards towards tree.
both the adult man and woman poke their head to speak to the kid.
the cat sits down
a person in a blue and white top rides the conveyor belt.
a piece of land sits in the middle of a body of water.
girl in yellow shirt runs across the room
the first person to bring an item across
the person places both of their hands back on the table.
both children look at the phone together for the first time.
the ball is released onto the track.
orange building is no longer in view
blue and white train tunnel is visible in this frame
the word stop can be seen in this frame
the person comes to photograph the man on stage
the boat lifts into the air, and back down.
two little girls leap towards the couch
a man is visible for the first time
the man on the right waves at the camera
the baby yawns.
a square is shown in the corner.
vehicle passing a truck and trailer
screen changes from building to a clock.
person in white shirt begins rubbing back of leg.
person wearing red shirt with hands in pocket seen for first time.
camera focused on large collection of rocks in beginning.
first time we see yellow arm
person with blue shirt in veiw
pan away from building
first time man touches woman
person on stage walks in a circle then bends over.
man playing tambourine raises his right arm then drops it quickly
we zoom in on the fish.
finger picks up bee.
the cat pauses and then takes a large leap to the right of the bag.
a floating platform sits on the water within the view.
a man begins to move toward and then out the door.
a computer screen comes into view.
the first skater falls.
the woman turns back the way she came.
toddler stands up
man swings golf club
the person's feet are partially off the screen.
a striped fish is very close in these frames.
a shirtless man walks quickly across.
the dog gets let off the leash.
the toddler grabs the yellow piece of the rock climbing wall for the first time.
kid walks back in room
the dog stands.
we see the man in the striped shirt.
the blueberry cupcake appears.
we first see the child
child steps down and turns around
the red lights turn off.
the fingers push the buttons.
cat is relaxing for a bit before he starts playing.
three people reach and walk upon the concrete path.
the dog gets up and runs to other side of bed, then runs back
man in view quickly looks to your right
someone in a red jacket partially appears in the frame.
someone walks across the stage.
person with long hair and a hat walks right in front of camera
three turkeys stand side by side
there is a short yellow flash at the bottom of the image
a car stops at the pit stop
the cameraman exits the building
the kid opens the yellow easter egg
we first see someone's hand enter the frame on the bottom right.
red car drives by in background
guitarist bobs his head down far enough to see both lenses of his glasses
a man sets up cups on a table.
a bird looks down from his perch and spreads his wings as he pivots on the branch.
dog appears to smell a fart and runs away from girl
people start walking funny
a man walks behind the girl.
the camera comes close to the tub of water while the woman scoops something out of it and a man in a blue shirt points his finger down.
the person's hand rests on top of the dog's head at the beginning of the video.
lady closes the dog before opening it to let dog in
first time we see the people acting on stage
man kneels down n the floor
we see just the water and the sun, no other movement
only clip where baby isnt moving
two birds fly into view
the man in grey works with his luggage.
the child throws sand into the ocean for the first time.
baby puts two hands close to mouth for the first time
the cat lays on the ground
the man drinks
lights first fade out
man starts waving a thing
the baby bangs her hand against the object repeatedly.
the camera pans to a shoe.
the word fades off of the screen.
performers clap their hands then spin around with arms in air
man looks in direction of camera
woman in red shirt walks though the door.
the brown dog is on the ground for the second time, then gets back up.
man in overalls walks in front of gate.
a red car drives by followed by a bus.
the person driving is first visible.
no one is visible in these frames
the frame where the guitarist hops the most
man touches the dog
river is in view
a dark colored vehicle makes a turn on a tight road surrounded by buildings.
red car then white car pass at the very bottom of the frame
baby first places his hand, open palm, on his chest
child puts toothbrush into mouth for the first time
dog jumps on bench
girl in pink outfit picks up ball
sax player bends down toward the ground
the dog wags its tail then lunges at the camera.
the trains stop moving.
we see inside the colosseum for the first time.
the bird stops flapping.
a blue person sits down
no boat is seen
baby looks back at camera for the first time
we see people dancing in a dimly lit room
man starts talking to the camera
man in blue raises both arms up
the first snowball is thrown
only the woods are visible
before the fire starts
before the squirrel jumps down the first time
the door opens
image blurs right before man walks down ramp
we first look at the ceiling
the white bird is flying about.
man picks up the planter.
man in red crosses the street.
child in blue lifts his leg.
first circular wipe to giant butterfly
the moment when the two skiers go their separate ways
first swing
the cat's face is visible.
a staircase is visible with a woman standing at the top.
the hand picks up the first peapod.
bird flies onto camera
man rests his hand on the bucket
white van drives in and out of shot
girl in pink jumps around
picture on wall is in this frame
man pats first boy hand
a barbie doll enters the frame
the purple flower comes into view.
a man in a black shirt is first seen.
the bald man walks off screen.
the man touches his jacket.
the toddler is reaching down to retrieve something from the floor.
the girl in the green shirt has both hands raised to just above her shoulders.
boy aims the rifle for the first time
first time we can spot hummingbirds at the feeder
the second person from right glances down for a moment
the camera focuses primarily on one black bird as it pecks at its own foot.
the woman's face is visible.
the person at the podium seems to clap their hands.
guitarist steps to the left and down
boy in red climbs into bubble
single animal exits to the right
the cameraman is in these shots
the head come up dripping with water the first time.
the girl stops to talk.
baby runs to the wall.
train passes out of the frame.
person in black walks behind machinery.
a bird flies in the cage.
someone removes the stuffed animal from the couch.
a shadow appears in the top right corner of the frame.
vocalist switches mic from one hand to the other
opposing team knocks ball out of bound
phone flips to app screen
instead view of the turkey's cavity
tallest woman runs out of frame
cellphone/camera is first raised
shirt reflection slowly fades away
woman in pink passes item to woman in green
person passes by.
only one bird is seen on sand with no water.
a tree appears on right side.
the end of the train is visible.
a photographer walks toward the stage to take a picture in these frames
the camera zooms out away from the men in the field
a person wearing a dark beige or green jacket shifts or turns in the distance
a finger can be seen on the top of the frame
man in yellow shirt walks off stage
man walks into view of camera
women walks by with a stroller
an arm is briefly shown.
the climber faces the camera for the first time.
the robot makes a goal.
guy in knit cap appears
clock begins to cuckoo
insect crawls closer to the edge
girl puts stick of butter into cup
man quickly passes in front of camera
man begins juggling
group of ducks swim in a single file line.
man in blue shirt picks up information material from the table.
baby boy takes a bath in a tub and scratches his head.
rock climber retracts his extended right leg from a rock.
a waitress on the far right twirls around as she sings and dances.
audience member brushes back a lock of hair from her face.
the baby goes down the slide
a castle is seen
the camera zooms out
boy puts finger on window for the first time
man drinks from beer
truck enters and leaves view
two people enter the vehicle
person moves the right leg slowly
man in back hood is moving
the camera view is blurry as it quickly pans up.
the camera pans away from the bright light.
the baby touches the camera.
that cat jumps off the chair onto the floor.
the camera pans up to show a dark door at the top of the ladder.
we pass a stop sign on the right.
a man pulls back his rod for the first time
hand grabs a chess piece
man in white shirt lifts left leg
woman in white and blue hat puts hand to face
a kid in a blue shirt does his first cartwheel
a girl with green pants and pigtails walks to her destination
he points at the red sign briefly
sweet baby is first seem walking the toy
the buck finally lifts his head
birds first begin to land by the tree
the man walks quickly alongside the pool.
the hand coming from a black shirt is shown in these frames.
a hamster comes out of the little house.
the dogs wagging tail is seen the first time
the man turns and looks behind him
all of the people begin to walk
dog enters through door
baby gets closest to camera
a little boy reaches into the snow
a third person enters view
first time someone flies towards us in the trees
stage lights turn red
first snowball is thrown by the adult
person in lighter blue steps forward for the first time
we first see two squirrels together
camera flips from tigers to man's face
a bird flies behind tree
we see baseball park for the first time
we see the cowboy hat on the girl for teh first time
maroon shirt grabs a straw looking thing
he puts his pack on
we first see the top of the treed mountain/hill
the light brightens briefly
the first car can be seen going by.
the girl is looking at the camera at the start of frame.
the kitty scratches her head.
a large cloud of smoke covers the performers
the guy with the neckbeard is visible
the computer mouse is visible
a person wearing a white garb comes into view and walks toward us
the guitarist jumps to hit a note.
a train of children passes by.
2 boys begin play fighting
child plays handdrum and is given a harmonica
children move out from over sticks
train passes by in the distance
women all crouch down
girl in pink starts jumping and looks at camera
man turns to address the crowd
the man is bending with his butt at the camera.
a hand opens the grill.
we see the light blinding through the stained glass.
we first see the other skiier.
the frame is mostly black in this part of the video.
the camera focuses on a red barrel with white leters on it.
smaller blonde child stands up and leaves.
guitar player turns around and faces front.
ladder is visible.
dog shakes its head.
the baby opens his mouth the first time
the red car exits view
the person with the black hat exits view
a hand touches the baby's nose.
the automatic doors open.
the girl in a white shirt raises her arms in the air.
man in red shirt stands up
boy in a propeller hat kneeling
man with backpack walks by
drummer on the left starts going up and down
people watching seem to start asking each other how long the doofus is going to pray
oil car comes into view.
kid jumps into water.
everyone jumps for joy.
an empty tray looking train passes by.
a kid jumps into the water.
a group of people jumping around can be seen.
a person crosses in front of the dancers.
child runs to front of frame then turns around.
black dog grabs toy and turns around in a circle.
the kid in the red hat briefly stands up for the first time
the audience is shown for the first time
the image on the screen takes up the whole view
boy got the yarn and ready to sleep
we pass a diamond shaped road sign.
first time we see the flame
the man in blue is leading his horse away towards the barn
lady sitting down with yellow lai wipes her forehead
water hitting the rocks from an ocean.
a driver is driving in the rain passing a blue truck.
child bends over and picks something up
boy in black walks around to the front of the frame.
biking with someone walking beside him.
you see the river.
child does not turns his head to the side.
the child hangs an ornament on the tree.
two people travel down the rock face.
one of the guides stops to observe the horse.
camera pans to the right and zooms in
pan right to the water and zoom in
the robotic elephant begins to move.
dog stops eating and walks towards the kitchen
the girl takes the microphone from the guy
the ride goes all the way to the top and stays there.
a mother waves to her baby and the father touches his hand.
woman bends over.
a head passes close by.
a man reviews his information booklet.
an officer clears a path for the other policemen.
an audience member fluffs his towel.
the conductor is moving both hands in the air
the clown sits down
camera starts to move back
we see a little dog running on the beach
baby in yellow polka dot jacket is scratching her back on the post
red sign starts blinking
dude's goofy face disappears from view
we first see computerized face on the screen
we round the first curve
man drops money in guitar case then starts to walk away
a lot of what looks like rope flashes across bottom of image
man in red shirt walks behind singer
we see a glimpse of a guy in a knit hat and sunglasses
a person sits under a tree in a plaza.
a person is playing the horn.
frame changes from white looking building to darker color
guy in black tank top first points
we first see the green classic car/truck
we can see a second wall like structure
the mic is placed in front of the boy in red for a moment
george washington portrait exits view
the ferret begins chasing the ball in the bathtub
when rudolph first nods his head
dog runs parallel to coastline
baby in yellow jacket rubs back against wall
cat jumps on on screen briefly
keyboard player touches ear for first time
person in bright yellow passes through frame
bug moves to right then back to left for first time
the person with the curly hair begins to talk
we can now see the entire ornament on the top of the tree
closeup of the lighthouse
the orange cat lays his head on the carpet the first time
the baby's hand is closest to his mouth
a white bird flies to the right of the frame
the image is red orange and black in these frames.
the man in red appears
car passes us
woman points to items on a shelf
first time we see grass and the building
guy in yellow shirt walks up the stairs
zoomes in
flashes something to camra
kid falls down
train becomes visible
camera zooms in
children in the balcony.
man rolls the stick.
two individuals are seen walking across the street
little girl in polka dot dress rubs her nose
we see two large butts.
woman takes glasses off
man with glasses on head takes a seat in front of camera
woman in red passes by
we can see a bicycle
first liquid is poured over the ice
boy in green points to ladys book
the man in yellow paints finishes with the circle candle ritual and turns to set it down
the woman gestures with her hands the first time.
camera flash from audience
camera zooms out
man stands after kneeling
the top of the pumpkin is pulled and place on the table
smoke disappears from frame.
man raises camera to his eye
light is closest to left of frame
zoom in to 3 people dancing on a platform
long vehicle passes through frame
woman in green dances in front
full view of girl in pink's face
man goes to point at screen
baby gets on hands and feet.
light flashes directly at camera.
everyone throws rice.
dog stops to lick for a second.
woman in red enters doorway
person with arms around snow sculpture
black and white dog knocks other down for the first time
man in overalls moves gate
the camera pans to the ocean, and zooms in..
the dog does his first lap.
they pass the lake in the car.
the man holds arms out and sings.
the camera moves slightly right on the sunset.
the cat runs the other way.
the camera moves away from girl.
woman puts thumb on chickens head
dog on right jumps up
the light changes from orange to green to blue.
the camera zooms forward.
the yellow train engine approaches and continues to pass.
a distant hill comes into view to the right of the closer hill/
lady in a purple shirt waves at the camera
man is not in view in these gifs
camera pans from the stage to the left
person uncrosses leg then crosses leg back
woman pointing at exhibit
a man wearing an orange helmet can be seen.
we pass a blue pickup truck.
a woman is bending next to a red car then she raise up and backs up
the diver is waving her hand under water
all of the students throw their hats in the air
the camera man backs away then he re-apears
we first see the lights come on
the lights are white and at there brightest
a girl in a red shirt pushes her hair back before she climbs.
the camera zooms out then back in.
the camera zooms in.
the camera zooms in quickly
the woman touches her hair
light turns to green the first time
we turn to the right to see the man in red
person in striped sweater walks up to piano
person with red shirt walks by in background
a man leaves the stage.
a bald man speaks to the camera.
the child turns a page in the book.
camera zooms in.
people stand up for first time.
person on train is seen pointing.
camera view moves upwards.
the boy begins to run into the ocean
a person in white runs across the street
the boy on the left points at something off screen
a bright yellow light first comes into view
the red white ' blue tanker car passes out of view
camera pans to the right to see the train for first time
first time that hand on neck of guitar moves up
only the kid in the red coat on the yellow sled is visible for a brief moment.
a person swings in from out of nowhere from right to left.
the girls have all arms up at the same time.
dog appears for the first time
text appears on the screen the first time
the display screen with a video comes into view
woman turns away from camera
man playing keyboard lifts leg
man climbs up rock
they put their hands to their sides
the blue structure comes into view
a car passes by on the left
the camera zooms in on the face and hands of the person taking a photo of the cameraman.
there are almost no lights present, and this is the darkest part of the video.
the camera quickly zooms in on three specific people dancing on stage.
the woman first moves her hands.
the building can now be seen.
hand takes wire
all three people on slide
the woman is signing on stage next to her face on the screen.
the cats tail wags in front of the camera.
the man holds up the bottle, and sets it down
baby first moves hands away from face
hand grabs and replaces a piece for the first time
adult first raises leg
we first see the red shirt with skinny bag strap crossing their back
a street sweeper drives by.
the dog's head takes up most of the frame.
first man appears from the left
adult can be seen
camera pans right to show a yellow stick
man dragging luggage looks to the right
the cameraman reaches the end of the street.
the camera quickly pans right to show a person in a white shirt.
the red flower is visible
dog goes through the second tunnel (its yellow)
ferris wheel is in the middle of frame
from blurry to clear focus
baby raises legs
man in brown shirt appears
boy gets up from seat
the person presses the button.
people walk up the beach.
camera pans to right away from crowd
we see a person's legs
people standing under big object
little boy looks up at the book
women wearing red shorts walks pass
singer points to the crowd
a guy in a t-shirt is juggling.
fins are seen poking out the water.
the camera zooms in on the stage.
the camera zooms back in on the baby.
workers go down scaffolding in an elevator
the man is juggling oranges.
the small dog play bites the larger one.
the sharks can first be seen.
the camera moves in a little.
someone in black runs past the camera.
a tall white building is seen in the distance.
a bug flys over the cricket.
the two connect
the baby stands
the tiger chases the animal
the first explosion
the man in the blazer faces the audience.
the butterfly flies by.
two motorcycle cops ride by.
the boy is looking to the left.
a blue book is returned.
the camera looks left to the other car.
the bigger bird turns to the right and starts to walk
first time we see a hand washing the baby
the person speaking at the podium goes out of view for a moment the comes back in the shot
people are first seen near the trees
a cat runs to hide behind a tree
no one passes in front of the singers in this gif
we see the person on the right whose hand was showing in the other clips
first time we see the pink slippers
a person is walking
a hand from the right side points to the left
a stage to the right is briefly seen
the picture is shown to the camera
the jeep leaves the puddle
a blue eyed frog crawls in.
the chicken flaps its wings.
the light colored dog stands up and scratches the door.
a man runs to the right.
screen turns blue.
man stops playing.
the dogs are on the right side of the man.
the camera focuses on an angel made of christmas lights.
candle flames are visible.
actor on the right pushes the little on in blue
baby looks at camera then quickly turns to the left
first time we zoom in on the stage
children put hands down.
three trees come in to view on the side of the road in this frame.
a person first comes into view
the baby removes the towel from his head
a large neon tower can be seen.
a white dog climbs out of a water fountain
the dog barks at something under the table, then goes under the table to investigate.
a red firework explodes
a train passes by
a man begins playing the guitar
a lecturer waves his hand to emphasize a point.
the baby in a blue romper turns his head around briefly
man picks up child
screen with sky, person siting on grass appears
trumpet player rubs his nose
light above man first appears.
three run in and are now sitting with group
man is laughing in these 3 frames
baby crawls out and begins to crawl back in
a view of a harbor with boats.
the camera pans to the fireworks.
the camera zooms out to view the rocks.
guy at the atm exits view
we see the climber's face the first time
united states becomes visible on the space shuttle the first time
camera shifts to red haired guy
we no longer see the lion and see a group of kids
a bicycle is in these frames.
the woman turns to face the crowd.
we can see a rainbow shirt on the blonde little girl.
a person walks past the camera.
the child first touches the dog.
the baby begins to fling pumpkin out of the bowl.
a child in neon green runs across and out of view.
man in blue shirt and backpack walks by
mouth opens on lion dance costume
red car drives by
we see a staircase.
boy drops white ball.
girl scratches eye.
the man adjusts his goggles.
a woman in a black and white sweater looks into the hole.
the people on the stage begin to clap their hands.
a red taxi drives down a street.
a kid in a red hat smiles toward the camera.
people in formal clothes stand by a white car.
boy starts rolling up the string.
hand seen grasping steering wheel
text appears
a child puts their fingers to their nose
a person with a green shirt is seen briefly on a bike
a baby puts his mouth on the corner of a table
animal in the center is stationary
baby takes his last bite
second hand reaches jun
the camera first shows the mountains
the camera first shows a woman holding up her phone
the camera shows a lighted floor
baby bends down and smiles
cat looks in the blue object then darts away.
man in tan blazer holds his hands up briefly.
hand first comes into the shot.
we see, then pass a white boat.
feet walk into frame
man pours into mixer for the first time
an explosion is on the screen
the man walked away
the groups makes a turn
first see a white car
camera zooms in
man in a grey shirt walks off screen
a dog jumps into a swimming pool
a man collects light beings from a wall into his hands
a hamster crawls behind is house
child has fallen then stands and runs away
man with blue shirt adjust himself in these frames
people disappear from view
hands first swipe the screen
cabinet is opened for the first time
lights go out
overhead light is visible
before the squirrel appears
girl with pink shirt
we look straight down at person in orange sitting on the ground
a spinning gear type shape is visible on the screen, then blows up.
the red part of the machinery is closest to the camera at this point in the video.
the first complete block of people, led by three individuals, enters and exits.
man with briefcase moves out of camera view
mud wasp stars working on nest
woman holding a child come into view.
a man wearing a green tie puts a white piece of clothing over his head.
there is a camera flash.
a man wearing sunglasses comes into veiw.
yellow end of the train goes past
woman takes a sip of her drink
little girl throws ball in the background
a woman in red on the television screen
hand first appears in center of screen with a cell phone
person is see on side of road to left.
woman in pink hands something to woman in green
the camera zooms in on the puppies feeding off the mother.
the dog walks away and lays down in the grass.
a bug crawls on to the black and white shoe.
a white man is speaking.
the speaker touches his head.
the little bird flies off branch.
the bottle first appears.
a person in a red jacket walks down the street.
the red firetruck drives down the curved road.
two men empty out a black container for the first time
a large brown building comes into view
a small black bug walks onto a green leaf
person standing up in the tower
the picnic tables are not yet visible
man holding the child
a football player in a number 20 jersey runs through the field.
panning up the stairs reveals a lady standing there with a white robe.
a hand shows the inside of a peapod and then sets it on the table.
the mouse gets up and walks away.
first time see bridge
goes from one grill to the other
bald man bows
man picks item up from table
bald man in patterned jacket passes through frame
man removes hand from jacket
liquid is poured into glass a second time
child points to magazine
man picks up candle
the child finds and plays with an egg shaped toy.
black and white dog jumps the hurdle
the man in the sweater scratches his head
a furry pet can be seen in the background
the first red firework
headphones on the mans head
woman's hand is touching her face
the man in the red tuxedo walks in.
the boy in blue shirt drinks from the cup.
a little girl and her brother kick their legs furiously.
a man points at his computer screen.
a hand comes into view
three children walk into water
a baby stops crawling to sit up
a gush of white mist is seen for the first time
a large black vehicle drives by in the distance
front of train first reaches blue barrel on it's left side.
man spins torch in his right hand.
lizard is not visible very briefly.
a mouse runs to the right and then to the back of the cage
man touches outer edge of white.
dog starts walking then disappears from view.
the fan comes into view
a person walks past the yellow object at the bottom part
the lady begins to pick some plants
the dog yawns
the plane rotates on the box.
the camera zooms in, and films.
we first see the bright screen.
the boys go over the first hump.
an animal goes into the water.
the fence is visible for the first time.
opens lid
guy in blue hat points
camera person backs away from starfish
gray line of trees first becomes visible behind glacier
man places hand over baby's head
girl brings hand to her nose
walking person enters frame from the right
the dog stands up, and walks off.
the second pillar is passed.
a person walks down the boardwalk.
the little girls points to the pictures.
the golfer takes his first swing.
a man in a black and white suit walks quickly from the left to the right.
the camera moves from side to side
the camera pans left
the camera begins to move left.
a large group of people cross in the background.
the camera first pans over to the camera man.
the man uncrosses his legs.
people start their hoopla hoops
we see green plant with yellow flowers for first time
we first see movement in the field
man fires arrow
when the child pushes the other child
when the car passes the first motorcycle
when the cloud type transitions
when the babies mouth is on the furniture
a ballerina twirls too many times to the curtain.
the camera panned left and showed a scuba diver up close.
the camera zoomed in and showed a person wearing a yellow back pack.
person in a denim jacket and a black hat walks past.
brown chicken emerges from under the wood
white angel turns to purple.
a man with a guitar moves to the left of the stage
a buffalo runs right out of view
the dogs ears disappear and the bowls are visible.
the girl in the purple shirt throws her head down then pops back up.
a skinny blue fish swims from right to left.
crane lifts its neck up
boy leans in then goes back to picking nose
person in rainbow shirt walks by
man in read hat is seen
the lantern in the snow
person shuts off the light before walking into room
a fly enters the mouth of the bird for the first time
the camera zooms up on the bird.
the parent puts their hand on the babies stomach.
the sky fills most of the frame.
the camera zooms in on the radio in the person's hand.
the people are farthest away in this portion of the video.
dog goes through blue tunnel for first time.
arm wearing blue and gold bracelet passe by close to camera
foot wearing a sandal appears briefly
a man standing in front of a white wall can be seen
the plane flies behind the trees.
the dog runs away.
the hamster walks away from the peanuts
the iguana takes his head out of the crack between the rocks and looks left.
the camera first zooms in on the girls on the stage
first time the clear octopus thing moves
we see a person walking fast from right to left
the boy shakes and points.
a white truck is passed.
big rhino starts to walk away ' we pan right to see two more
only part of the boy in red white and blue clothing is visible in the bottom right corner of the frame.
the man in the black shirt second from the left moves his arm up and down.
the dog's head is in view.
the woman begins to sing.
red car is seen for first time.
camera zooms out.
a man playing with a camera as a light blinks
a double deck bus speeds by
the person falls from the plane.
the moon is largest in this frame.
a big blue orb is shown.
boy in tub reaches up to touch his head
person on rock wall makes a step up
first time we see the waitresses spinning around
the couple both step forward at the same time
a red car can be seen.
the child puts both hands on their head for the first time.
an adult brings a toy for the baby.
we first see the people in green uniforms.
they zoom in on the singer.
the firetruck is shown
the kids all bend down
people pass pushing their bikes.
a waitress walks directly in front of the camera.
the man stands back up.
art on the walls is briefly shown as the camera pans left.
white car in veiw
man in bluejean jacket takeing photo
man puts head on
bike first come in veiw
the turtle pool toy is not visible at all.
the girl is getting ready to jump in the pool but has not jumped yet.
the toddler is walking on stone and not grass.
the kid in the red shirt walks off stage, and the girl in the pink shirt walks on and begins playing flute.
two people pass in front of the camera from left to right.
the kid finally manages to free himself from the white towel.
child puts spoon in bowl then takes it out.
person in white shirt seen walking in front of camera.
person begin juggling.
a blue net is first shown.
the person on the right turns and walks to the back.
the camera turns back to the first chicken.
musicians start to play
we first see person with red helmet
person is petting dog
dog first walks in
performer's face is visible on the big screen
animal looks directly at camera
little girl stands up
a woman in black pants notices the cameraman
the little girl walks and comes to a stop
the man twirls the woman around
the dog runs away from the house.
people are seen standing on the rocks.
a cat leaps from the top of a litter box
a man in a white shirt first becomes visible
the first time the stage lights turn yellow
other person with camera in view
camera pans to the right
train comes to a stop
man passes right to left very close to camera
man stands up from squatting
hand reaches in and grabs the machine
man in pink shirt and blue jeans walks out of picture
camera zooms to dog's face
vote no sign covers almost whole frame
dog licks its lips as it's holding its head up to the ceiling
man puts his hand over mouth
a raised hand makes the peace sign
a person wearing a white shirt walks into another room
a blond haired woman walks by
the fish swims behind the person.
the camera spins around and a tree is there.
the baby framed picture was shown for the first time.
the yellow vehicle turned to the it's left.
the train doors close.
the people ride in the car backwards.
fountain water only drops
the child sits with one foot on the table.
building turns green
person sits down
two people sitting down
scean apears
a woman sets a red piece of clothing down
a blue building leaves the scene
we can see the dog's body relaxing in this frame.
the child's face leaves the scene for a moment so the person can film the view.
a long blue fish swims across.
a man bends down to pick up something off the ground.
the camera rotates right side up.
the camera pass underneath the bridge.
person in black walks from ambulance toward fire truck.
lantern goes out of view
waving arm that has been in view since beginning disappears on the right side.
man in black hoodie opens door and starts to enter room
person in yellow shirt walks away with yellow sign
person on beach with backpack
two dogs walk past
we first see a monkey in a tree
first time we see a man in a striped shirt sitting on the ground with kids doing hand motions.
'poof' of smokey cloud blows in from the left
first zoom in to ship
boy at podium touches his right ear
baby moves right arm quickly
shortest dancer touches head with left hand
words on pavement are visible
third person stands up
red things moves in a circle really fast
someone opens the grill
someone in white walks quickly across the church
the boat with the largest masts comes into view
the dog begins to eat
zoom in on the horse rider
street light changes color
bald man in white is off camera
a baby goes backwards down a slide
a large building comes into view for the first time
a video game character holding a guitar comes into view
the car passes a second large tree.
we can first see the end of the hall.
the person walks into the frame.
a singer is singing while a dancer shows up and dances.
man looks over his left shoulder
green bottle appears in front of camera
something is launched from a trebuchet.
lights change to white for first time.
hands leave frame.
the roof of the cabin
dancer makes a full circle
kitten jumps on bookcase
a resting dog stands up.
person in orange stop leaning on wall
man in black walks behind red shelf
the couple cuts vegetables.
bubbles appear in the stream.
the white car speeds by.
the kid in the yellow and black shirt goes from right to left as he pushes something across the floor with a stick.
the dog bites on his leash for a second.
the first model poses at the end of the runway before turning to walk back
the little dancers run up
we see another cat walk behind a door
a dog goes up and down a yellow and red ramp
a ferris wheel is shown head-on spinning slowly as people walk in front of it
the diver waves at the camera while alone in the frame.
the audience throws hats into the air all at the same time.
lights are spinning
three silhouettes walk in front of camera.
fish turn and begin going left again.
a person in red shorts on the left dribbles the ball while standing still.
only three app icons are visible on the screen.
the camera focuses on the stuffing inside the turkey.
man begins walking ply of wood up latter
white car can be seen in this frame
the dog sits next to the chair
only one man is walking
train enters frame and passes by
person in blue on bottom level leaves frame through the right
the animal jumps from one chair to another.
we see the tub leading into the large jug.
a man walks into the frame.
the bikers wave as they pass.
the purple spinning ride is shown.
the duck shoots flames out of its butt.
the darkest frame in the video.
stage goes dark
the train starts to move.
the girl with black hair begins to drink.
the screen is black.
someone passes in veiw
first see car
zooms in to spining ball
a flash of light appears twice
a person in blue jeans first comes into view
a piece of candy comes into focus
a crossing guard moves out of the way for police with giant bouncy balls.
a person shakes out his blanket in the way of the view.
person on right leaves frame.
woman waves to us.
a white object in the right corner
baby dancing in playpen
santa with a backpack on can be seen
no one is visible in these frames
mural on the left is visible
falcon is biting handlers hat
baby tries to feed itself egg
police car drives past
person walks away on the right
the mother takes a bite.
the girl raises both hands.
the camera pans to the yard.
the old woman points.
a singer on stage with blue lights singing
a small child makes a soccer goal
we see the number 92203 on the train
we see a black car on the street.
man in white shorts walks towards camera.
cat watches as boy blows bubbles
baby puts hand in her mouth
the animal inspects the blue trash can lid.
the man in white crosses his arms.
the kitten is picked up.
a flooded vehicle passes by
finger traces entire front of bag.
black cat's face is visible.
a child in a purple/periwinkle shirt bounces across the room
the girl turns to the side and covers her mouth briefly.
a foot wearing a thong sandal enters the frame from the upper right hand corner.
man takes first swing
woman removes hand from chest
motorcycle passes by
giant screen on right displays into white with orange circle
man runs on stage and claps his hands
cat trips over shoe
man first puts both hands on beaker
we are shown the purple and white flowers for the first time
man picks vehicle up off table
bald guy exits the scene
man reaches into hos jacket pocket then puts his hands down
a girl in a purple dress moves farthest to the right
the first car to pass on the right
a white and black dog runs off towards a tree
person walks off stage.
man points upwards.
the camera pans to the top.
the baby trips and falls for the first time.
the man in front of the parade answers his cell phone.
when the camera shows the trucks
when the kid touches the keyboard for the first time
a motorcycle passes.
one cat flops onto its side.
the glass is closest to the camera.
the hand scratches the head.
a man in his striped shirt looking at his phone is panned over.
a man gets up and walks in front of the camera in the audience.
the bearded man's head is visible in this part of the video.
we are very close to the machine in motion then start to zoom out
baby starts to walk from daddy to mommy
man holds his phone in front of his mouth as a computer generated mouth talks for him
the first time the little girl puts the book down.
we see a red mailbox for the first time.
two people on the beach
a white flash
the people jump
electronics in the dark
second boy got struck and stopped in the middle.
bird found the food
close up of the rock climber
a river is seen
the car passes in front of the camera the first time
the first person exits view
the robot kicks the ball
a woman appears on the left in a white tank top, pushing a baby stroller.
the blonde woman takes a sip of her drink.
the baby looks up and to the right.
no pepsi can is in on the table in the right lower corner.
a baby has it's left hand on a large colorful toy.
two waterfalls can be seen at once.
a red car drives past.
puts head in water
girl stops playing horn
kid first pats tractor
the man juggles
the camera pans up
a crowd with their hands sticking out.
little girl in pink runs toward the camera for first time.
first view of fireworks
man on right waves.
the girl in the white tee shirt feeds the animal.
the water show begins.
people are walking past the poster.
a woman in a pony tail with ribbons standing by a street of fast moving cars
two buses pass each other on the model.
a woman holding her phone in one hand and a puppy in the other is seen.
a man puts a screen down on the ground then walks around it and around another man with his red shirt sticking out below his jacket before walking off into the distance.
people reach top of roller coaster
trees in view
woman reaches hand up to man
the lights go down.
someone is filming from their phone.
a large ship with four sales moves out of view
a dog first starts eating from the bowl
a person in blue walks up to the horse
the camera flashes on the band.
the train crosses the station.
the frame starts on no people.
animal walking in a aquarium
camera zooms in to show only the water
the road is no longer seen
the child floats on its back
a person walks in front of the camera
a little girl stares at the camera and quickly runs away.
a baby picks up a cheerio and throws it on the ground.
the camera zooms into a basket, revealing 3 small puppies.
the little girl took water from the pool before going to the dirt.
the dog seemed very excited to be back on dry land.
a person in white looks on at a flag ceremony.
car goes under bridge on highway while it's raining.
car speed by us
woman points to objects on shelf
building with blue windows is front and center
man in yellow walks up stairs and out of view
a man with a bandanna on his head hugs the person in the blue costume
1..2....3 go team''
first time we see the fireworks above the stadium
the first pair of yellow and black shoes passes by
green grass surrounded a river becomes visible
the first race car comes into view
three people start dancing
the man speaking slightly raises his right hand.
the girl on the purple dress is on the ground.
the train begins to depart.
the large fish exits the frame.
a right arm of a man comes into close view from the left and proceeds to wave up and down until it leaves frame again.
a man points to the lower left of a screen and then gestures his hand toward the ceiling.
a girl with orange ribbons in her ponytail can be seen a few times in the view.
we see the first person for the second time.
we stop at the white line.
only two people are shown.
baby first puts the bottle in her mouth.
a man in a blue shirt walks toward the camera.
a skier in yellow pants swings into frame.
red caboose passes camera for first time
bright blue light is first visible on left of frame
butterfly comes in from right of frame and lands on a leaf
first bike with two people on it passes camera
dog stops licking cat, cat lays down
baby puts entire fist up to chin and mouth
we first see birds
building flashes green to red
it turns from blue to red lighting.
the man in the green shirt is shown dancing.
the giraffe licks the mans face.
we see two shadows walk in front of the camera
first time we see the front end of a car
we zoom in to the disco ball
a flashing light vehicle passes the camera.
someone in black stands up.
two people fade out of the scene.
the camera points up to show the light in the ceiling.
a little boy gets up out of his chair.
camera pans hard right
boy sliding gets up
bubbles begin to fall on the baby
they begin tossing the balls to each other again
man touches animal for the first time
man touches knob for the first time
man at the computer bobs his head from side to side
man riding bike jumps the curb
the cameraman walks towards the fire and focuses on that.
the frame is mostly dark for most of this gif.
the camera focuses on the boy with brown hair and a blue sweatshirt before the ride begins.
seals fall into the water.
a person get off of their sled.
the floatie is put on the dry ground
the woman dives in
a kid in a blue jacket throws a snow ball for the first time
a man in a blue jacket begins nodding
a squirrel jumps down from a railing
a man with a red backpack is seen
cat first leaves pillow
cats noes twitches
single hand smacks orange balloon
classic blue car in in view
person wearing red hoodie looks up
the hand first appears.
kid rubs animal for the first time
little girl in purple shirt stands still for a moment
baby throwing orange food in a silver bowl.
child in green shirt ran pass
child places both hands on wall
man walks behind spinning cylinder
we zoom in on machine.
man puts phone to his mouth.
dog reaches end of run and turns back for first time
girl in green shirt runs off camera
soda can in view
the swan catches and eats a small fish.
the girl stops playing her trumpet.
the child bangs on the side of the tractor.
when 2 kids go over the first hill
when the ducks go under water
when the bird picks up the bug and drops it
cat leans back to play with toy.
man in the video.
a man is holding his baby and leans in to give it a kiss while he talks to the camera
boy on left finally has his tie on and shirt adjusted
the blue object is visible in these frames
a man with white hair and white shirt walks by
the person in the grey hood sweatshirt lifts his right hand up
the monk is first seen throwing items into the crowd
a man in glasses appears to roll some dice.
child runs behind the couch
the train gets to the end for the last time
man strums guitar then leans back from microphone.
the car steers to the left of the car and drives past it.
the train track barrier lifts up.
the two men pull the rope to wheel the basket to them
the man in the white shirt finally finished fixing his bike and was able to continue.
the mans head shot backwards momentarily.
the woman circled the kneeling man in an energetic dance.
we move up so that the pool net can no longer be seen
the musician on the right turns and walks back to the drums
one big jet of water is visible against the night sky.
we pass a white minivan on the right.
a bicyclist scares the birds.
bright lights are seen on stage.
a guy carrying a bag in his hand dumps same change in the musicians collection plate.
a boy in a green sweater is seen on the left side of these frames
a man in dark uniform touches hands with the man in the white uniform
a person holding a photo or poster walks up next to the speaker
the fireman walks back towards his fire truck.
only a lantern is visible in the snow.
a person's hand holding a phone in the air turns the phone the other way so we cannot see the screen anymore for the first time in the video.
the screen is black.
the camera zooms in on a bunch of little puppers in a playpen.
the camera pans right to show a kid's face on the right looking at us, then looks away.
performer in yellow and blue waves fan
second cat appears
a black car passes by
praying mantis moves leg a second time
we see a finger come into view to poke the yellow thing, then it goes away
we see the singer raise up his right arm
little kid in orange shirt makes a goal on the left side
we see a glimpse of the road on the right side
a man walks backwards
zooms in on woman
clearly shows doll on top of tree
nothing but sky
only the woman and kid on the horse
the camera shows a rainbow
the camera first shows the man in the yellow helmet
the camera shows a red truck
the baby begins its journey, crawling towards us.
the frame is extremely over exposed briefly, then displays the colors normally.
truck leaves video frame.
person steps back for first time.
person picks object up off ground.
the camera zooms in.
the object is taken out of the can.
a person in a black shirt walks by.
a car drives past
the baby is next to the cameraman
a person is seen
orange character on painting is shown in these frames.
a man in green walks in front of the group.
the man speaking raises his arm.
a bigger group of chickens is shown for the first time.
the baby kicks her left leg.
the stage lights change from yellow to white.
before the row of ducks appear
the green booklet on the table
the cat comes into view.
the girl in pink bends down to pick up something.
the person taking a picture in a red hat is in view
the lady helping the kid prepare something is finished
closest view of the neuron-like object
we are done looking in the fireplace
the microphone is passed.
the ride reaches the top the first time.
the man walks backwards, and grabs the tree.
the boy in white crawls into the tunnel.
the skier crosses the finish.
the skylight is filmed.
the bottle is opened.
the blue lights are seen.
the two dogs are running around.
the man speaking looks up the first time.
the tennis coach leaves view.
two people standing there
before the seal appears for the first time
only shoes and a window are visible in this frame, no mountain or grass.
the camera gets extremely blurry briefly.
a man in sunglasses and a handkerchief face covering becomes visible for a split second.
cat lays all the way down flat on ground.
plane comes off ground.
nothing is seen moving in frame.
the white train car is seen in these frames
the boy jumps off the dock into the water
a person with a patterned sweater walks in front of the camera and the dancing couple
a shadow of a person appears in the frame.
the diver on the right waves.
someone raises both hands in the air from the audience.
the woman in the white shirt puts hands on hips.
the girl in green gets on the floor.
the main in white begins to roll the cigar.
a finger is in the frame.
woman points quickly
camera goes left and right several times in this frame
people are seen
the camera zooms in
woman has back turned at first
girl has one finger up
can see someone walking away
the dog turns his head away.
the truck logo 'alley's is fully in the frame and closest.
there is a lady in a pink shirt and brown shorts riding a bike
camera is moving in this gif to where the view isn't consistant
we start panning to the left
second person from left isn't holding their bow up
the first view of the floor fan
an individual is seen walking towards the docks edge
a baby climbs the first three stairs
the end of a trail of cows is briefly seen
most of the bridge is in view
man places goggles over glasses
person with striped shirt takes a look
everybody starts clapping
camera pans to the right
another train begin passes on the left.
man in blue walks off camera
a man on a bicycle waits for a traffic light to change.
a person on a bicycle scares two birds out of the road.
the blinking light on the wing of the plane comes into view.
the spotlights are blue only.
a woman in red is visible.
little girl in red coat can be seen on left
man in black vest lifts arms above his head
man begins talking
writing appears at the bottom left hand corner.
picture gets blurry
very large school of fish enter view the first time
boy in yellow shirt enter view
the child with a ball does his first lap.
the camera pans to the lone girl appearing cold.
they zoom in onto the umpire.
a person look into the camera and gives a surprised face.
a kid waits patiently and taps his hands on the arms of his chair.
a groupd of chickens peck at the ground while one of them flaps its wings.
a small boy looks into a flora covered pond.
the baby puts something in her mouth the first time
we begin to descend down
the blue sign passes on the right
a left hand is visible touching the scrub brush at this point in the video.
no more sand is visible, just water and the two kids.
the camera pans up to show another baby in white pants and a pink shirt sitting on the floor in the hallway.
not many fish are visible in this part of the video.
the man first starts talking to the person behind the camera.
a light blinks red for a little while, then stops.
the woman in the blue shirt across from the cameraman is visible.
the person with the plywood begins his ascent up the latter.
we pass two cars, then a group of bikers.
the fountain in the foreground overflows.
the performer bows to the audience.
the beach-goer rubs their head.
the group of people jump to face the back and then the front again.
a woman smiles at the camera for the first time.
the toddler pushing the purple car falls down.
the top shelf with jeans isn't visible at all in this scene
man in sunglasses and t shirt is seen
we see picnic tables for the first time
dad holding child
we see the entire audience before turning toward the speakers
beach then a road with cars and building then we see beach again
a singer can be seen on the screen
a red piece of clothing can be seen
boy runs fingers through his hair
man on motorcycle passes
lights flash green for the first time
camera pans up and then left
the cat licks itself
a woman makes a salute
the camera moves up away from the hay/grass.
a woman with a ponytail is filming from her phone.
we see the lanes in these frames.
the baby falls to her knees.
the man in white jerks his arms around
just one car passes on the far side of the field
a playing field is being entered at the entrance.
a storm is coming in over a field.
the camera zooms in on the lady singing
a red firetruck can be seen in the distance
a little girl in a white shirt is closest to the camera jumping up and down
a woman with purple hair is walking to the right in these frames
the woman ducks under the camera
the camera turns left
a woman is seen
motorcycle in view
first car passes
man sitting by himself on the left is visble
man i nblue tshirt point to what critter he wants in the tank
dog waiting for human to pet him again
before the waterfall is first visible
camera takes first picture
parachute spins uncontrollabley
camera zooms in.
camera zooms in.
person uses roller for first time.
cap is removed from bottle.
the flame flickers, and gets small.
a group of three children pass fro the right.
the view zooms in on the man in the grey suit.
the person in the white tank top walks into view.
a flag is seen at its closest.
a foot in a sandal crosses the view.
a man draws a vertical line from top to bottom
a spinning plane prop first comes into view
people are seen
the screen is blurred
the cluster of red lights moves from view
we first see the baby up close
einstein arches his back and sneezes
dog blinks twice
someone in the crowd holding up a red sign
man scratches his nose
the dog kicks his leg.
someone runs by the trees.
the woman in white shirt scratches her arm.
kid in yellow shirt runs in front of van.
person walking next to child on bike
the whole canyon is visible
before van drives down driveway
the people on stage begin to clap.
the person in the red costume stands up.
man singing places arm around girl
camera pans up to show many hot air balloons
a plant-like creature swims between some stone formations in the ground
cameraman turns around and walk towards another pool
text fades in
the camera focuses in close on a cluster of blue fish.
the kid starts laughing.
the hand appears in the bottom left corner of the frame for the first time.
a tree is in the background, standing still.
people move into the group for a group picture.
a man is sitting next to a woman and he gets excited.
a small child comes out of a door then decides to go back, shutting the door.
hamster runs out of view
lizard turns around to walk away from rock
the first time everyone spins in unison
driver is first seen from back
man picks up something with chop sticks
baby sneezes
someone with white hair briefly appears in lower left corner
the man on the right shakes his left hand in the air
two puppies playing on a pick blanket when one runs out of view
first time baby looks up at the camera
the black cloth is lifted.
the entire audience is cheerfully dancing.
the sun gleamed into view.
the plane succeeded in its takeoff procedure.
the boy in the sweater with the blue name tag is visible on the left.
a little boy in the bath itching his head
the girl walks through the door frame.
no one is showed in the frame.
the words disappear.
the audience is shown.
guy in black starts touching screen of phone.
adult man starts down the slip and slide.
camera zooms in to the stage.
a man in a blue shirt waves his right hand.
a bicyclist approaches and takes hands off handle bars and places them on front tire.
a young woman places a straw hat on head.
a man runs quickly towards us across the fire.
the second dog grabs hold of the toy.
hand came near camera
something can be seen moving in the mountain-like area
a wrought iron m can be seen
first few people stand up
4 people dart towards the crowd and sit down
man first leans forward with his hands on his face
child moves away from window
child opens door and crawls out
child closes door
man looks over right shoulder for a second time
camera rocks as object disappears in water
ball bounces off table
pink umbrellas are seen as camera pans right
we first see the red tables
the kid moves drink to the other side
blue and white trucks first cross paths
camera pans to the left and then back to the right.
camera pans upwards slightly.
no clouds are seen in this frame.
only the sun, blue sky, and clouds are visible.
the moon is biggest in this frame.
the frame is almost completely black except for a tiny blue light that appears faintly in the distance for a second.
the white young man is speaking.
the camera zooms out.
first car drives past
we get closer to the two sailors
child blows out candles
child looks at camera 1st time.
man in tan jacket walks in front of camera
man is jugggling
cameraman sits back down
a laptop screen is visible
the golden gate bridge is visible
woman is first seen talking on the phone
woman lets go of toddler
the lighthouse leave the view
a truck full of people in yellow shirts passes in front of view
we zoom in for the first time
a second set of sled dogs come into view
bridge is seen for the first time.
person in blue claps for first time.
man on left in beginning of video laughs for first time.
woman in all black is getting ready to cross the street
child moves something to the right side in the stroller
the first time the hamster digs his face in the peanuts
man in white shirt turns around and backs away
iguana backs out of hole
the entire group does a full circle
lady wearing red can seen bending to the left in this frame
the sphere of the globe
bird flies out of the cave
white dog and brown dog are circling each other
man with the goggles on
a fountain of foamy white water gushes out of a brown object
the front man of the group bows for the first time
a human fully comes into view on the right
woman takes red towel off right shoulder
carnival ride moving slow
a man jogging passes on the left side of the road
a small white bird is first seen
we first see branches obstructing our path
we see the skier closest
we first see the statue
we first look out the side of the bus
we pass a jogger on the left.
the guitarist turns his back to the crowd.
a girl washes her hands.
a dog comes out of the water.
little girl runs to camera
they take off running.
a man in a thick, heavy red winter coat collides with a woman in a black coat as he's pulled by a dog.
a toddler drops a stuffed toy on to the floor.
the man appears to display that there is a level of phone integration with his guitar product.
the people began running into each other on the slip and slide.
man in white shirt enters view
child leans forward on table
the man in yellow lifts back up
only the feet are visible
man falls backwards off his chair
man in red appears and sits down
bird goes close next to the other bird
people standing in a doorway
child grabs toy off couch and walks away
stomach is cleaned with alcohol
person playing guitar jumps in the air
all these frames are showing the people riding in a red train
small dog appears from behind a bush
a hand showing a rayovac battery
a women laying on her arm smiles and shows her teeth
no land can be seen at all in these frames.
a title is briefly shown.
woman puts wig on her head
scuba diver turns away from camera
boy points at camera with both index fingers
boy jumps on sofa, bounces in place then jumps off again
a black sign with blue and white writing first appears
a woman in glasses appears
a crowd rushes to the stage
a person walks behind the baby.
the baby reaches at the camera.
a person enters view for a second.
dad hands laptop to girl.
child puts hand full of food to his mouth.
motorcycle and cop car drive through the shot.
kid sits down on the ground.
the dog jumps on the bench then starts to run.
the little girl in blue pants watches as the others play.
child picks up the folded pink shirt
we first see the diver
we see a tent or pavilion like object in the background
the green dancing figure is more in focus
second cat shows up
a car drives past
person is standing next to person holding praying mantus
woman does not appear to play guitar
the bottom of a computer chair is seen
first time we see the bluish colored fish
we see a man in a suit lean over looking at something
man playing the banjo
man grabs handle of the container
person in background kicks leg up
the scene changes back to white
person walks past girls dancing
the first radio tower we see
dog is in view
dog starts walking man
baby is closest to the camera
person reaches end and begins swinging back
lights flash red
the cat turns on its back.
the man with black hair is in front of the camera.
a guitarist plays a solo part in a song.
when the guy with the backpack walks by
when the child is on the man's lap
when the boy scratches the back of his neck
when the baby starts to fuss
the camera pans to the post for the fence.
the camera pans right ,and shows the car parked sideways.
kid puts hand to his face
last book is placed in book return
vehicle comes to a stop
a large house first comes into view
the end of a dark hallway comes into view
a fish comes into view for the first time
a man in a red hat comes into view
a light turns off signifying the close of a day.
person holding camera zooms in on people held by crane.
girls kneeling in front row stand up.
green and white trolley car stops.
a person walks quickly into the middle of the frame.
man in white shirt walks off screen.
people with purple banners are on the screen.
the singer quickly grabs her shirt.
the lizard jets off.
the man re-positions themselves.
the girl squats down
the dog is wagging its tail in the distance before jumping toward the camera
the train stops right behind the other one
a person walks up to the stage.
the camera backs up from the people.
a person waves a hand in the aisle.
a kid in a grey coat and black hat hops in front of the camera from the left.
a woman puts her hands on the baby on the right.
the camera zooms in on the band playing on the curb.
person raises shotgun up
person not holding gun turns to his right and gestures someone over
second man from the right swings his arrow and holds it close to the bow
hand playing
insect flies
change of pan
bird climbs
kid falls off scooter then runs after it.
guy in the orange t-shirt lowers himself down and lays on the ground.
we see the cameraman's face.
we zoom into the little black box with buttons.
wags a finger on right hand
a finger first touches the screen
the man holding the camera exits the frames.
the camera pans to the dark room.
the woman's face is shown.
the camera pans back to the panel.
camera pans to gray tree
man rolls ball
elevator tube moves up with passengers
talking man sits back
the lead singer steps up and sngs his first verse while the camera zooms out after he completes it.
you first see an object or person moving side to side in the distance.
first see a green firework
a man begins dipping his writing tool in ink
a single tree first comes into view
a man in glasses makes a face.
the boy turns his head quickly to look the other way.
the brown chicken flutters its wings.
a little boy is shown.
person in blue walks out of the scene
we see a person wearing a red t shirt
christmas lights change from green to red
camera pans up to see the top of the building
machine starts to draw a straight line
we see two round metal disks
guy in straight jacket leans a bit and starts swinging the strap between his legs
the guy on the left in the white shirt, turns to the right and starts to walk
camera pans up to the large t.v.
man in the black suit in the distance leans over and gets back up
woman grabs and pushes child
man in yellow passes by
a living wall is shown.
a person is standing on the rocks below
dog picks thing up with his mouth and runs off
toddler uncovers him/herself for the first time
the door closes completely.
camera zooms in on light colored car.
largest collection of water falls down in beginning.
cup comes in to frame for first time.
child puts toothbrush down
camera shows purple and blue lights for the first time
the first time the bird flies in the tree
the camera gets close to the baby
the bald man makes a quick gesture with his left hand.
we see a shoe in these frames.
the baby brings his hands together.
we see the girl talking that was first seen earlier
camera pans left away from backhoe to show a dirt road
we are the farthest zoomed out, then start to zoom back in
before we are outside
the view is close up to the orange pipe
little kid walks by in yellow coat
hand first reaches in and touches boat.
baby sits up for first time.
when the man snaps his fingers for the first time
kid in yellow jacket walks by
when the man is touching the screen
we see a green safety vest.
the lighting is violet at first.
the baby removes its cap.
the toy is pushed in front of the baby
the boy is seen talking and gesturing to the tv.
the man casually scurries in front of the performance.
a woman smiles at the camera.
the second man comes into view.
the woman ties the backpack strap around her waist.
tho hikers are walking up the side of a large rock.
the red car starts moving.
we see one penguin.
the doors appear.
man puts his head down 2nd time.
tablet is dropped in the water
diver can be seen in upper left corner
hand touches and opens door
statue exits view
the camera zooms in on a tiny creature in a small bed.
a man lays down a wooden frame on the ground, then walks away.
darkness falls over the city.
the man with the banjo is clear in these frames.
we see a man talking to the camera.
the guy in blue is stretching.
camera zooms in on people wearing orange
a van is seen
the girl is sitting on the balaside
the video is blurred
the man in the blue jacket is dancing
the sun is reflectiing
girl takes the baby.
the man in green, black, and yellow pants passes seemingly wanting nothing to do with the public gathering.
the man in green scoops a larger scoop out of the can.
door is opened
people enter frame from the bottom left
kid waves at camera
for a brief moment, another filming spectator wearing black and red is pictured.
the fire blazed, well fed and warm.
fish in corner starts to move
man with arms crossed spreads legs and makes thrusting motion
person in white turns stroller around and walks towards the right
the babies feet kick up excitedly among the flurry of bubbles.
the boy stands up from his reading spot.
woman picks up sign and places it back
we see a face
camera zooms in closely on man beating drum
man in grey sitting down starts to get up when he sees the bike wreck
little girl bends down to touch her feet
a man in a white shirt looks at two signs.
a baby bites a yellow toy
a woman puts food into the baby's mouth
the animal's head is visible
the child's head goes down
a blue fish goes across the tank from right to left
large tree comes into frame
man on end glances at partners sheet music
the duck puts his head under the water.
a man in dark pants is standing against the wall.
man holding up two signs is fist visible
man in white and cap points to sign and walks off
second baby is first seen
second baby looks to his right
woman feeds baby first bite
cameraman places peas on plate
person in black passes in front of camera
man zooms in on the globe and we see a river
we zoom way out from nest
man is talking to the camera then it pans to the right
animal dashes away from green object
man with a pink dress shirt on shakes his hands
cameraman flops cat over
other boat is visible
person stands up from chair.
letters csx are seen on side of train.
cat crawls along railing
first time see china words
the person on the right of the frame in the white shirt stays in frame instead of bobbing back and forth.
a person in a green costume walks by us.
the girl in the white shirt and black pants runs away out of view.
car passes a red and white sign.
a white sign on a brown pole can be seen
dog gets up
camera moves up from food
man in cupcake is behind girl in blueberry muffin
girl puts book down on her lap
the van is no longer visible
someone first blocks the bigger light
baby girl first laughs
kitty has an itchy
puck is passed to cyclist in orange
brick house is seen for a majority of frame
bird walks up to food
woman takes pacifier out of baby's mouth
man sticks item up his nose
front set of wheels move from side to side
woman gets off small trolley
a person in a white shirt walks into the crowd.
two dancer raise both of their hand over their heads.
a purple gloved hand grabs the machine.
person hand touches the handle on box
american flag at the end of the ship
man in blue shirt takes a step forward
we can see the black car
the child is touching her toes
the boat appears on the right.
boy looks at camera and then turns
2 green lights are in this frame
black screen most of shoot
person taking a photo at a dinner table
a light is blinking
camera zooms in on woman in white shirt dancing.
sea turtle is the closest to the camera
man in green shirt places hand on chest
bird lands on feeder
when the cats first begin to play
little boy steps off scooter
instructor makes first hand gestures toward his head
boy pulls girl by the sleeve
we see a lady in yellow ' one in red enter the building
camera is focused in on a tree and the person on it
two dogs start playing
mountains are visible in these frames.
we see a room behind performers
man picks up ski
camera pans away from woman playing instrument
man in bike with white wheels starts riding
non-black dog shows up
truck starts to turn
see the least of black in left corner
first see the car
the child first puts food in his mouth
a girl with blond hair begins speaking
the front yard comes into full view
the woman with white hair leaves the scene
the lights first dim
man speaks for first time
man in yellow pants walks by
man in blue starts drinking from the can he is holding.
white car parks next to the tree
the words dragon gate can be seen
person wearing pink is walking on the sidewalk
the man throws the child down.
hand emerges from blanket.
there is a person on the left corner of the stage.
the short haird blonde in white outfit leans over and gives the kids a quick kiss
man in light blue shirt is tlking and camera slightly pans right to the guy in black shirt who swings arm down
snowflake image appears on screen
machine is closest to camera
group enters and does turning formation
the dog lays down
camera moves closer to baby as the baby looks closer to camera.
the man with the umbrella has his back towards the camera.
girl begins to tie her shirt.
the floor of the building first appears.
the machine begins to move.
the blue lights go away and grey light appears.
a red and blue couch is visible on the left at the beginning of the video.
a dog is visible walking away on the top left corner of the frame.
when the camera pans up
when the camera pans to the band
when the woman touches her face
when the woman looks at the camera
cat runs behind tree for the first time
boy puts guitar over shoulder
a red, white, and black sign becomes visible but then quickly goes away.
no performers are visible for most of this frame.
person lifts a white sign in the air.
black fish first appears from right of frame
person's legs first appear on left.
first view of people's heads
the house is briefly illuminated more brightly.
a man in green walks backwards in these frames.
the toy moves for the first time.
the black truck is parked.
the woman carries a baby past the camera.
the baby begins to whine.
the mouse moves away from the camera
when you see the picture of a baby
when the vehicle is not in the pond
when you first see an image of the pope
little boy in green and red pj's walks into the room
stage lights are the brightest
photo changes from people on a train to a sunset
the man in the red coat picks something up off the table.
the cat makes it to the top of the window cage.
a passenger on the tiny train stands up.
the boy with the backpack stands up the first time
we are now looking at the audience
man in number 10 shirt walks across the room
we see the plane wing over the most clouds
one last bird arrives against a blue sky
baby yawns
white van drives by
first time we see boys face
we pass a group of three on our left
child in hat comes into view
the old fort is visible.
man in white jacket catches his ball.
train doors open.
the person runs to the other person.
the dog looks to the right.
the camera shows a hiker.
we see red flashing light
we first see the fire
no cars go under the bridge in these frames.
the dancers drop to their knees.
woman in red with white bag passes through the frame
words appear on left screen
zoom in on striped shirt baby
first time swans duck heads in water
windshield wipers begin to move
first time bee's antanae move
the ref on the left side holds both arms out
we see most of the sky in this pic
we see a person stand up in front of us
camera pans to the left
we first begin to see water
runners are running
the girl is shaking her arms.
the fence comes into view.
the person walks out of view.
man in red had turns head to look toward camera
screens above arena come into view
first time dog is squirted with hose
the man puts one foot against the wall as he pulls on the rope
lady in purple turns and looks at other lady
finger first presses something on phone
dog first starts to roll across the yard
camera first zooms in on tree top in water.
boat gets close and docks.
we first see singer on screen on side of stage.
a cat walking near a tree with flowers in the rain.
the man stops to walk across the street.
the final red firework.
it starts to get smoky.
the man in dark shirt walks off to the right.
a person in red approaches the table
a red structure appears
woman first uses hand to explain
we first see a hand
the camera zooms in to the four people
three cyclists pass off the screen
person with motorbike backs up.
person touches top of ledge with hand.
top of persons head comes in to view in front of camera.
a little girl wearing green and blue can be seen standing in the background next to a woman with a white shirt
parts of the diver can be seen on the left bottom corner
the camera man turns the camera from the stage to himself so we can see his face
man starts speaking
girl starts speaking
boy starts speaking
first time cat curls up tighter
multiple people can be seen.
man in black shirt and glasses looks to his left.
camera moves up to show menu
man makes first swing
we see a camera flash
two boys in upper left sway back and forth for first time.
woman carrying white bag first appears.
black car first pulls away from the crosswalk.
ocean is first seen.
people first come in to view.
baby puts fingers in mouth.
we view a man in a blue helmet.
a person tries to feed a cow unsuccessfully.
a baby lays down as someone strokes its cheek.
someone blows out the candles.
girl first lifts both hands in air.
the race begins
the creature becomes the closest it has been
the asian woman is smiling
the woman in the headwear starts to come closer
the lady in pink top that is dancing in front of everyone is almost out of view on the left
man in front of us raises up his left arm
cat first walks in the door
camera shifts right to a big green mountain
man in black shirt looking up is seen
several bikes with lights on wheels pass
camera pans left from the beach to view the ocean
the woman squats down slightly.
two people walk by on the left.
the people are no longer in view.
the frame starts on a hand.
we first pass a vehicle on our right
child first put the instrument to her mouth
we see only the woman in white
camera zooms all the way in
camera pans to the left
as the red spark goes away we see some white ones starting to shoot up
person carrying a bag walks by.
guitar player bends over for first time.
person runs by from right to left.
cat is not shown licking or biting.
camera pans to the right to show other side of room.
person with guitar raises hand in air.
the red diamond at the top is in clear view
a big round circle flashes in the frame
places something red on top of the speaker
first time lantern turns off
only sky and planes in formation in these two frames
first time left screen is seen
yellow spoon comes into view
camera rights itself
first time child looks up from keyboard
woman takes the brown object away from the baby.
blonde woman pushes back her hair.
man throws black jacket back over his shoulder.
first view of someone singing into a microphone.
first view of bird flying near right side of tree.
the first house we drive by
a man in a brown hirt stands up right in front of the camera and walks right
cat jumps down to the floor
boy stands up and starts to dance
the slide on the screen changes
the person moves the stick up and down
we get a view of the things that have just been unloaded.
the gentlemen move backwards in unison.
first time we zoom in
first time face of man in white shirt is visible
man in glasses comes into view
a man in a blazer moves his head to the left
the dog swipes a piece of paper with his paw across the floor
the turtle in front begins to move
zoom in to cake
the blue seats are no longer in view.
the white car passes.
the dog runs out of the tube.
blue car runs into the wall.
woman scratches her head.
two people standing on rock below building with columns first appear.
man starts rubbing hands together for first time.
the man bends over and fills the device.
the camera zooms on the girls.
the marchers stop.
girl starts frame with arms up.
a man with black sunglasses is there.
the green light can no longer be seen.
the bird looks left.
car goes under first stone structure.
a person walks off the stage on the right.
man unbuttons his shirt cuff.
a see-through gate goes by
a man wearing black jumps up and down
a car drives past
first time child puts hands in tray of paint
no camera movement
person crosses legs
we zoom out as we see the hiker on top of the mountain
the girl on the right leans over to get something at the end of clip
pan is panning around behind him ' we see a guy in a blue shirt behind him
camera starts with pink teacup in middle view of screen.
person riding moped with red shirt first comes into view.
camera zooms in.
the camera shifts to the left.
words appear on the screen above the band
white van with lots of windows passes through the frame left to right
camera moves in close to baby in striped clothing a second time
most of the fish leave the frame, then a single shark passes through from the bottom of the frame to the top.
the trunk curls upwards for the first time
the closest waterfall moves out of frame
the man in white moves out of view
the right light flashes brightly
the baby starts bouncing on her stomach
text appears on the screen
the baby spreads their arms
a bus zips in from the right and parks almost out of view on the left
the person talking places something red on a table next to them
little girl on a sugar high shows two fingers,crosses her arms, and drops her head for a moment
we see a guide in purple talking about someting
first time we see the red tents
camera pans back to palm tree and wall in background
someone pulls the tinsel away from the cat
a biker wearing a dark shirt rides by.
the woman with sunglasses on head looks up.
the hands willing to catch the person are gone.
the top of someone's head can now be seen.
girl has her hands on her hips
a lady with a red coat carrying bags enters the frame and exits
persons foot moves back.
girl in yellow shirt touches dirty blue trashcan.
man in blue backpack is trying to get a good picture of the view.
second cat walks into the room
camera pans all the way right and doesn't show the water anymore
camera moves off of little boy
person with bagpipe moves right foot forward for first time.
diver comes in to view the most.
camera pans upward.
bolts of lighting keep striking up on a stage.
man talks on his cell phone
a face appears from the bottom of the scene.
talking woman goes out of view.
dog walks away from baby.
man lifts a slat out of a table.
pianist tuns page
first look inside of box
first time woman looks up to her right
first time small pond comes into view
first time hand is seen
first time hand is seen waving
woman raises microphone to mouth
first time yellow hat is seen
something red lands on floor
cat jumps on poster
an older boy walks out of the room.
the mother is seen bending over.
the sign is filmed.
camera zooms out.
orange color leaves frame.
only rock is seen in video.
person comes in to view.
the bird starts to feed.
the woman looks right the first time.
two women wearing red hats pass by and out of view
the goalee skates behind the goal net
the dog is not chasing after the water
bird pecks ground in front of a yellow object.
child in green shirt walks away from the door.
lightening flashes above the white building.
the green writing is zoomed out on.
a person in teal shirt walks by.
the girl jumps for the first time.
a man catches an object from a string
a man in black with white hair stands up
the bus begins to reverse
passenger comes into view
first time camera moves to the left
man in light blue crouches down
we see a man walking out of view to our right
guitar player bend downs real quick to pick something up
person quickly crosses going towards the left
person pushing bike exits frame right
first time we see mrs' clause's garters
zoom in on building
the woman tosses away her towel
the left screen comes into frame
the woman in white walks through quickly
the man grabs one last ball
first time lamp shade is seen
zoom in on bird
we see a large frame of a man in these clips
the first tree fully leaves view here
the sky starts the frame.
camera pans away to the right for a moment
first time camera pans to the left
baby yawning
girl in dress joins two others at the white board
a santa claus decoration stands at the left of the outside doorway
15411 is seen backwards on glass
turtle starts walking
water first comes into view
claw shown entering water for first time.
a shadow first passes over the device
an ice skater in dark clothes ice skates backwards
a man wearing a red cap appears
yellow flowers in the trees.
a dj playing music at an event.
we see the object on the sting slide into the mans hands
we dont see the batter in this clip
the camera moves up to scoreboard.
first car passes
writing first appears at top of screen.
the red car passes.
the baby on left brings hands together.
the lowest amount of fish.
guy pulls the circle he cut off the board
we see a person walking with a bike cross from right to left
little girl jumps back up after falling down
clip where we can see both of the boys heads
first time we see the white waves coming in to the cove area
another train passes us
the little critter is no longer in view
the girl hugs the guy on the left
what looks like a freeway overpass with a green sign on it comes into view and we pass under it
an older woman walks across the room
the camera briefly pans down
first drive gate we pass by
first time we see the train moving
first time finger flips the switch
woman begins speaking
woman place a tortilla on the stack
a blue umbrella comes into view.
the fish is closest.
the woman smiles at the camera for the first time.
a group begin banging their sticks on the ground.
menu is shown for the first time
person swings for the first time
a white light flashes
bird first pecks the ground.
child in green sprints over an grabs food off the floor.
a flash of lightning lights the clouds.
we see the menu
golfer reaches for a ball and sets it down for the first time
the child points at the camera
the woman in black nods at the woman in pink
a finger starts the video on the device
the camera passes by someone with red shirt and blue jacket.
a little kid enters and turns around.
a lady with glasses waves at the camera
the child in the blue shirt looks back at the camera
a camera man is seen filming the girls dancing
little girl goes up to front of classroom
a door opens
child begins to run.
person looks to the right.
hands begin to clap.
camera view shift to the right slightly.
only time we see a hand come up in the audience
first camera flash
first time we pass a person standing on side of road
blue screen first comes into view
the man is looking to his left
we can see an arm go up very close in frame
the singer lets go of the microphone stand
we can see the driver's face
the bird falls off the bird yellow bird feeder.
camera pans close up to the maouse pad
the green lights turn red
the vehicle makes a slight turn and passes a white van parked on the side of the road.
girl puts instrument to her mouth and begins to play
camera pans right to woman playing guitar
man picks up two boxes and puts them on conveyor belt.
first zoom to conductor.
large yellow building comes into view.
the camera briefly pans down the ground
three benches are in the frames
the child steps back away from the ball and then back toward it again
first time we see the bridge
the square on the screen is now a circle
camera pans right to look out the window
person in red walks into frame
camera zooms to what the lady is holding
another train passes window.
first time boy in jacket sits on bench
baby opens his left eye
woman in red exits frame right
hand rail exits frame right
boy looks up and takes a bite
camera is now and stays upright
child is looking up
a man in a black shirt comes into and leaves view.
large group of people can be seen passing.
woman first walks to the far side of the people circle.
man in blue shirt places his left hand on his head
camera pans to the right to show the baby bath
man that was leaning against something stands up and walks off
the boy in the back takes his first bite
man in green shirt leaves frame
we see someone touching head
we can not see the wall on the left of rink in this frame
dog first turns towards camera
we see the american flag
a person carrying a plastic bag leaves the frame
guitar player bends down twice
someone runs across the field of view
the hand turns on the light.
the hose is on.
the cadets pass by.
fishes swim past the last divers.
man stands up and starts walking.
a large reflective silver building appears
a woman with glasses pulls her hair back
two fish swim by
hand reaches in
animal first turns toward camera
first time we see horses
first time we see scuba tanks
the baby runs to the camera
the camera moves up to the clock-tower, and down.
the woman walks away.
girl in purple falls down on trampoline first time.
seal sticks neck far out over water and looks to the left for first time.
blue light on left goes out of view.
the man in pink gestures with his papers
a white car passes by
the large white fish begins to quickly swim backwards
a large green object passes by on the right
the black screen is briefly blank
a white building behind some trees is first seen
the first red flash is seen in the sky
hand reaches in for first time and touches baby's chin
man picks up a book and holds it up so we can see the title.
a bright red building is passed.
man casually starts pelting people across the room with objects.
cat viciously attacks a painting.
child in red shirt does his first of many spins.
fan begins slowing down.
zoom in to people on balcony.
path first comes into view.
first time man steps backward into the darkness
frame starts with looking down the river
the camera backs off than, re enters quickly.
the title words enter briefly.
the camera follows the worm inching pats the bolts.
the woman walks a few paces back to where she started before pacing the first time.
the frame does not rotate anymore in this frame.
woman tosses unsandifyed towel to the sand.
stationary man in black shirt puts hand overhead and waves.
woman in orange dress embraces graduate.
man takes first swing at golf ball.
you see the most evil horrible racist flag in the enirity of the universe, ever.
the little girl in pink clothes moves both her legs up and down
the lady in the white hat is no longer in the scene or these frames
the little boy goes down the slide
woman pushing child in red swing becomes visible.
fish swims to left and is almost completly out of frame
man walks behind plane and goes out of sight.
dog looks toward camera for first time.
a dark car drives passed us on the left
first time puppy starts to bark
we see a man taking a picture on the left
they leave the blue-room
the flag comes into view
the dogs run away from the person the first time
one cat picks a fight with the top most cat
the first car turns the corner
person walks into view from the left side of frame.
man with ponytail passes through frame.
woman in black first turns her back to the camera.
blue lights can be seen
we no longer see the horizon as the camera zooms in on the aircraft flying in formation
box first switches itself off.
woman looks to her right.
man sets down foodstuffs on table.
we pass the second street light.
the girl covers her mouth and laughs.
the camera turns to show a woman.
the woman waves
the woman in the pink dress comes closer then turns away
someone holding a camera comes fully into view
the man in the ten short walks by.
we see the first flash
we can see the blue building
we see a tv/monitor type screen
law is seen
child puts something in his bag
the riding children come out from behind the large plant
someone dressed as mrs claus with a bicycle passes by
a man in a blue shirt passes by
dog runs in a circle around the person.
man in light blue shirt straightens up and backs away
zoom in to girls.
marchers stop and turn to their right.
a hand takes the paper away
the boat begins to move
the woman in green leans backwards while raising her skirt
the bus strikes the cones.
the man slides to the end.
no model walking on the catwalk in this clip
first time we zoom in on the basketball court
baby sneezes in this clip
we see a person on the right quickly move out of the view to the left
the tree is now out of our view
our first zoomed in view of the music.
we get an inside view of our cab.
lighted man sticks his arms out to side for first time.
child runs from group on the stage toward the back of the stage first time.
dark blue/black/white car of train becomes visible
beach scene is seen for first time.
boy turns away from the camera
we first see a potted plant
boy on couch begins moving his hands
woman in orange apron on right picks up a dish and starts putting food on it.
girl in pink pants starts walking away from the lizards.
person on the motorcycle drives out of view
the man we first see looks away
the man is almost to the top of the rock
a man with silver hair walks in front of the camera view
child in background runs behind barrier
first time we see person in red shirt
first time we see white beard
first time camera pulls back a little
the cake is placed on the table
little boy runs and turns the corner
someone wearing a white hat is inn front of the camera
the child crosses without any help
ref lifts both arms out to his side for first time
zoom out from trees.
woman in white sits down behind dancer.
man behind the digital rights banner goes out of view.
yellow cab passes in front of camera
final shot starts and ends with red
the words become close enough to read
the camera begins to zoom in
a water bottle comes into view
zoom in slightly
water first appears.
runners start running.
first time child looks up
we start moving down
bus passes us
purple streak comes into view
the first car passes by
the dancers all sit down at once
the camera first moves in for a slightly closer view of the flowers.
the woman touches the blue bin for the first time.
a man with a blue backpack is taking pictures.
the woman talks for the first time
the small cat walks away.
the camera moves left to show more waves.
train exits view
a not so smart man drops a large log over the already large fire
tower on top of building becomes visible for first time.
man in green mask first turns to his right.
we are no longer behind the red cart
we first see smoke from behind the white car on the right
we see lots of things fly up from center field
a man in a bee suit is seen walking by till he leaves the frames.
the bird eats the peas.
a brass player wildly moves his instrument in a circular fashion.
we see a grouping of trees on top of a hill.
red explosion is seen.
two men walk through a swamp.
the woman picks her right arm up
two people in light blue pass by
the boy is first seen going to the cooler and getting something out
we briefly see someone in a red jacket
we can see what looks to be a deck
the image on the screen stands back up
a woman is sitting with a stripped shirt.
the camera moves around camera on screen.
man looks up from phone and turns head.
man first loses control of ball.
man presses button on laptop.
yellow robot falls off of bridge in shame.
the baby is looking up and then starts to crawl again.
the plants enter the scene.
the camera quickly moves inside.
a purple and green light can be seen.
camera starts to pan to the left
we walk to the center part of the room and stat to pan up
we zoom in on the cat playing with the tinsel
baby falls over on the pillows
the elephant in the front walks towards the wall in the back
the child in the white coat turns and runs away from the camera
the dog stands up and leaves his chew toy
this frame is the brightest
the sign starts out blue in this frame
the adults head comes into view from top of frame
first time man shrugs
first time man puts his hand on top of his head
woman starts speaking
person starts patting their leg
a person can be seen before the camera goes up.
the man with pink shirt gestures.
the camera comes closer to the fish.
the camera pans right across the screen to the ocean
the camera shows people looking at the wall.
the child licks his fingers.
man in plaid had looks at camera and starts talking.
doors open.
man in plaid shirt picks something up off the ground and moves it behind him.
man squats for first time.
taillights from a car ahead become visible.
the frame starts with the lights mostly red.
we first see the orange flag from our boat on the left
rock crashes on the guy on the phone
we see a persons head in this clip
as the float passes we see a group people walking along with it
camera pans left to a bright light, when we zoom in we see that it is a birthday cake
girl headbangs for a moment
girl finishes unwrapping item.
one of the men in orange walks to the side of the boat out of view.
girls in green skirt leans back.
man on right places object in woman's purse.
the bird grabs the food.
two men high ten each other
the screen changes for the first time
an arm is briefly visible
someone throws the dog's toy for the first time
purple light change to rer
singer brings the mic up pto her mouth
we pan back to the right to see the man in white shirt starting to dance with the group in green/yellow shirts behind him
woman in black runs her hand through her hair
first time hands are seen
piper starts tapping foot
first time crucifix comes into full view
camera man shows face for first time
we first see vehicles passing on our left
we cannot see the chair to the left in this frame
woman slightly leans her head to our left in this frame
we see a man stand and come into frame
the person we walk up to is pointing to the left
cats cross each other's path.
woman has both hands down to ride bull.
we pan to a grassy hill.
a man enters the frame from the left and then leaves.
the camera moves to a man in a light blue shirt
the tide slowly recedes
the small animal is no longer in view
the woman kisses the man
you see the bridge.
the clocks becomes the white house.
the camera views right out of the doorway.
the camera pans left
we first see man in light blue shirt with dark colored tie and suit coat turn his head
little girl runs right out of the frame
a set of hands are clapping
a shadow briefly is seen in the bottom right
we see two different sets of balloons in this clip
first time we see a structure out in the water
skateboarder jumps off a bench first time
blades on windmill are together then start spreading apart again.
person in light yellow jacket goes by on a motorcycle.
child puts necklace on other child.
man on scooter pulls up next to us.
we step out to the outside.
person in the circles goes up
we see a lady in red enter the view from our right
lady in wheelchair moves forward on stage
we see the spectators (people watching from left side)
man on left almost turns around
girl points to camera
camera fades in from black.
person opens the cage.
people wave at camera.
baby rubs eye.
camera pans left then stats going right
lady starts to talk
claw picks something up then drops it for first time.
the camera zooms in on the singer.
camera pans to the driver.
the camera follows the bird down, as it flys away, and zooms up.
the camera pans down slightly.
the boy pushes the toy into the light.
two people biking together pass out of view
the person with the umbrella stops to look
a person in a brown jacket passes by
someone's hand enters the frame
woman in dark shirt is craning her head closer.
person starts the video up.
large spotlight are first seen coming from the skyline.
globe is an angry red.
smoke is first seen
flat rock comes into view
man in blue exits frame right
2nd blue light comes on on stage
woman in green dress enters
first time man in sunglasses is seen
first time spider is poked
the boxes and plastic tubs can be seen
the camera first zooms in on the crowd
the dancers are all walking backwards holding on to each other
the guy looking up comes into view
the last bike with the glowing purple wheels passes by
the train is filmed passing.
the man slams a log on the fire.
first camera flash
woman begins singing
the girl touches the notes on paper.
a hand picks up the bowl.
baby tries to get out of the water.
woman in white shirt takes a stand.
someone is putting a stick in the fire.
the film away from the computer screen
the whole yard starts flashing circularly
the second girl trades places with the first
the cat fully opens its eyes
camera moves into right lane and begins to pass the other car
the word law appears on the tv
child in center frame wearing white and holding light blue bag bends down to pick up something
woman starts walking away
first time we see blue backpack
a large building comes into view in the distance
the woman in glasses lets go of her hair and it falls over her shoulder
a large fish swims through view
the man in tuxedo comes into view
heads exit frame from bottom left corner
complete front nose of plane can be seen.
baby looks down.
camera pans right and shows blonde girl for first time.
man in sunglasses gives a smiling nod.
colorful lights on wall
first time puppets are seen
first time man touches camera
person pulls up their pant leg
woman scratches her head
man rubs his hands together for the first time
hand slides h out of view
first time green tree turns red
man in distance lowers something white
little girl walks from the grass to the cement and back to the grass
little boy rides past the car and minivan on his right
person with no shoes on sits in a chair
we see a taxi pass on the street
frog puppet comes into frame and turns to camera briefly.
man in black removes a part from the camera
first time we skate over the big blue circle
first time girl turns a page
first time we see inside the box
you see the uniformed girls clapping
the boy gestures, pointing to the side off camera.
end of train exits frame left
first time something is thrown into fire
first time camera flips on its side
first closeup of baby's fist
a man passes by
the man puts an orange ball on the hair dryer for the first time
the man changes the image on the screen
the boy steadies the toy with his hand
cat looks up a little
we first see women packing records
the man in the center stage raise up one arm
the child in red runs to the other child
man flails arms wildly for the second time
dog holds very still then looks up
a man in red can be seen in the distance
first time we see drivers hand on the wheel
first time we see smoke
first time we see people streaming onto the field
first time we see that ride looks to be wearing sunglasses
first time bird eats from feeder
first time old woman puckers at the baby
camera shifts slightly
cat pulls foot up with mouth the first time
woman in brown top can be seen closely
man on stage has arm in air
the man in the hat begins to lean closer
the doors open
the man takes the last white board away
the top of a man's head comes into frame
the two bikers go by.
a person with long hair walks in front.
the little boy spins while dancing.
camera pans to the right.
camera pans up to no longer show people.
persons hand leaves frame.
the camera films the intersections without the crowd.
lightning flashes briefly
the camera pans away from the road
the closer cow walks fully into view
the woman films herself
the man stops and stands up when he is finished.
the girls carries out the cake, and sets it down.
the young boy runs past the camera
camera zooms in
three bikers pass by us
first time we see mcdonalds logo
man comes into view
woman in white first comes into view close up
man in red jacket stoops down then back up
the person goes past a green sign on the left side
a girl with red sunglasses is on the ride
camera pans to the right
the thing floating in the water is right in front of a reddish color rock cove
camera pans to the right and zooms in on the stage
woman with blue scarf comes into view
man in red jacket is closest to camera
person with blue collar comes in to view.
red table is completely passed.
fade in from black
cage door is first opened
horses block the view at the worst possible moment
baby rubs his eye
baby has a small yawn
a car passes in the background
we can see majority of the person in this frame
an suv on the right shoulder is passed
the man places the ball the first time
the man begins to look upwards
camera zooms in.
person walks past camera.
people begin running.
stage lights go bright white for first time.
no models are on the runway walking toward the camera
person carrying a box walks through from left to right.
someone picks up the object laying by the baby's head.
we see a boy leave the room
we pan left from menu to see santa
camera pans back just a little
bridge first comes into view
3 swirls become 7
we see gauges
a yellow sign is passed.
the camera moves away from the red rope.
we move into the right lane
dog runs around the room barking
little boy finally picks up his first egg
the girl is playing with her hair.
the camera zooms back out.
two people walk off the screen.
man finishes his cut
bicycle exits frame left
second child comes into view
cars turning left on a road.
woman in red walks over to escalator in front of us.
chap in wheelchair is in the front of the dance formation, showing us some moves.
we see someone
the object is first lifted from the glass
the camera light is directly in view in these frames
the paddle boarder passes the buoy the opposite way he came.
the boy's face comes into view
we pass by a wheel chair
a person in a strange hat comes into frame
girl is at bottom of slide
someone enters from frame left
the bird walks in front of the yellow panel.
the boy runs and picks something up.
a flash of lighting can be seen.
the child puts their hands into the plate for more paint
a potted plant comes into view in the background
the person on the couch waves their arms over their head
the person first turns to his right
we pass a yellow fence on our right
first time adidas is seen
person begins playing the guitar and singing
first camera flash
children start jumping up and down.
second child on bike appears.
little boy starts crying.
american flag appears for first time.
sanyo sign goes out of view.
man in white jacket goes out of view.
man has his back to camera
man in blue shirt enters frame right
first time we see man lift arm in front of camera
balloons can first be seen.
the baby turns to look away from the camera.
the horse stops running.
the man in the grey suit sitting at the table leans over to the man with white hair
a child with blonde hair and red pants is visible and walking toward the camera
the child runs towards the camera then offscreen
the woman in orange looks over her shoulder briefly
two hands clap very close by for a moment
the person in the hat leans over and obstructs the view as he teaches.
the camera pans down and films the masked dancers.
the child gets help hoping off the ledge.
someone puts a green object in the iguana's face
the man swings the camera around.
the other girl runs in front the first time.
the cat reaches out with her paw.
a person with a pink shirt has a camera.
the kid riding the bike gives a high five.
a hand is tapping the boy on the shoulder.
the american flag can first be seen.
we have a street view of some cars.
a flashing red light can be seen.
person is lifted far into the air while in a sphere.
the sky rail car goes past the structure
someone walks by at the far side of the room
the baby grabs the toast back from the woman
a woman in a white jacket joins the group
a bald man briefly looks into the camera
the person spits out the sea creature
the spotlight briefly swirls
camera view with red flag rotates.
only baby's hand is shown in beginning.
first time arms disappear
first time someone runs across stage
woman flings thing
fish almost leaves frame left
propeller starts spinning
first time dog looks at camera
first time we see periscope
man starts playing banjo
man starts playing bongos
van on side of road is passed.
man first kicks ball.
guitarist adjusts leg.
man stops obstructing view with cup.
tall man with glasses looks left.
child flaps their hands
we can see a man with a outlandishly large bee on his shoulders.
someone's foot moves away from the green bucket.
bird is handed some greenery.
light on right dims then brightens again.
camera zooms in.
person is seen for first time.
red object first comes into view.
the majority of bulk clouds are passing in these frames
babys right arm remains on the blanket in these frames
the two items in his hand touch
person looks down.
woman in red enters frame
person in wheelchair rolls to front of stage
lights in the room dim for the first time
the person reaches the top of the mountain
the little girl leans over and picks something up
the smiles into the camera
first time child puts bow around neck
little girl walks up to us then turns and walks away
little boy on the bike passes a red truck
a ghost under a printed blanket walks through the room and kicks a piece of paper into the room with the green floor
the two men high five
first time we see the speaker drinking someting
we first see the monkey follows the persons hand
the dog toy that is tossed lands very close to the end of the brown thing
one eye blinks
the man in the poof ball hat turns and walks out of frame.
a guy in a white tshirt rcosses from right to left in these clips
kitten starts to walk away
man moves slightly closer to camera then moves back away
red car passes through the frame
camera pans left to see a single green door
man in the middle waves up a white paper three times.
white car drives by
we can only see the white fishes tail
ocean comes into view
first time sculpture comes into view
first time child puts his fingers in his mouth
man throws something
woman runs her hand over her head
first time arm passes through frame
first time an arm is seen
singer pulls mic off stand.
light flashes in crowd.
we first see who's driving.
we first see 3 birds.
first frame in which baby has both eyes open
man begins speaking
girl gets in machine
the first van passes on the right
the smoking car comes to a stop
several objects are thrown into the air
people from the crowd step onto the stage
the skier in black bends down and stands back up
one of the background dancers does jumping jacks
the male player serves the ball
small white rectangular object comes into view on the ground
person puts an oyster in the bowl for first time.
hands enter frame for first time
a person in white with long hair steps onto the stage.
the person is black is seen bending over.
something falls onto the ground and rolls behind the main dancers.
hand moves down out of picture.
the camera initially zooms on people.
the woman starts to sing.
lights are being turned off
the camera pans up slightly on the choir
clock tower comes into view
woman with scarf exits frame left
a hand appears and slides the trash across the table
the boat begins to move backward
a kid in an orange shirt walks amongst the dancers
an older man with a balding head walks past
zoom in on the pink treen
island exits frame right
child begins speaking
chicken starts crossing the road
the dog looks toward the camera.
the baby crawls over the toy.
the man flips the camera and points at something.
the girl in the dark dress lays down on the trampoline
the woman points at the struggling child
the woman films herself.
teh baby crawls over the toy.
the man lifts out a piece of wood.
camera pans from right to left
spider-like contraption first moves towards the crowd.
guitarist moves his head wildly.
we pass a police car with flashing lights
first time little dog barks twice at the camera
first time we see a camera flash
the girl throws her towel down.
a man in all black walks toward camera.
lady in white tank top moves past someone.
the lady starts to describe the thing the man is holding
camera view pans back down to where it originally started
camera moves up to guy with drums and he starts moving
we first see full face of lady in red.
hand touches dash.
a yellow spotlight is briefly visible
the cameraman's hand is briefly visible
the man with the sword stabs forward
the person bends, and turns the robot.
the woman touches her hair.
you see the man holding a child on the rocks.
the moment the robot lifts the weight off the floor
the woman pats the baby.
the woman starts to pat her leg.
the boy on left takes first bite.
a sign can be seen sticking out from the water.
a white boat first pulls into its space and stops.
the camera turns to show the crowd.
lights first turn white
first time model turns right
zoom in on court
man picks piece off table.
stand is removed.
the person begins to stroke the baby's head
the dog begins to walk
the woman in the green hoodie comes into view
the camera moves around quickly to man with glasses.
the horse stops.
the boy starts to speak.
first time we see the face of the other cat
robot lifts weights above its head
the man rolls up his sleeve
the person enters on the right.
the camera goes back and forth from the blender and lady.
a light is shining at the start of frame.
the camera zooms to the left going around.
bright lights flicker on the stage.
the blanket covers the baby breifly
the man in the blue jacket puts his hand in the machine.
a u.s. flag on a pole waves on a mountain top.
a man enters and then exits the frame, with no other person appearing.
the man in the brown coat stands up straight from a bended over position.
a woman sets the cake down on the table.
a little kid rapidly runs around the corner.
tall building first becomes visible.
fish first appear.
the young man is filmed looking up
the bike with a purple light on the wheel passes.
you see a rainbow.
the camera moves out and in.
a camera flashes.
the sky is bluest in these frames.
the train begins to move.
the woman first hits the ball.
person holding a red bag walks up to the other person.
band director first starts waving his arms around.
dog looks way up.
people on trail first come into view.
a person in a white baseball cap is visible.
3 bicyclists pass out of view
duck on right turns around to bite itself.
first oncoming car passes by frame.
wasp flutters wings.
skateboarder is jumping on platforms.
windmills are in sync.
we observe the front of the line of people.
a hand turns on the star light
one seal walks back toward the camera
horses marching by can be seen
an all black screen fades into a small grey dog
a person's hand can be see petting the black cat
a blonde man with an orange shirt can be seen taking a photo of the woman riding by
the baby rubs his face with his right hand
child is far away again
dog starts barking
toddler claps her hands.
a person walks across the beach from left to right
baby blinks his/her eye open.
doors close on sad clown.
the camera moves behind the van.
a blue bag is in view.
the man is filmed on the mountainside.
we zoom into the people.
a water bottle is seen.
woman waves
woman in red enters frame left
first time dancers spin
a man in a white shirt snaps a flash photo and moves deeper into the frame behind another photographer.
camera zooms in for a second time
the woman darts behind the man
red car passes in front a head of the race
little dog is not quite so vicious in this clip
little girl picks up the drum and tries to walk
you see the sign in the water
the barge opens.
map zooms to closeup of new england states
van drives by and person on bench becomes visible.
dog enters tube
green lights on yellow building are first seen
the girl turns around.
baby first puts hands on chest
larger cat puts paw up
waves first hit rock
child begins to spin
page finally turns and begins reading again
first person to walk through frame
circle object lifts and is in the air
man begins hauling in the sheet
two white birds fly toward the tree
the man in the hat walks away
woman with black backpack walks by.
smoke comes off the clock.
a man with blue jacket walks away.
someone feeds the little boy
for a moment, no people are visible
the child looks up
boys on bike first go behind bush and out of view.
lots of bubbles seen going up behind diver.
person pushing bike walks by.
man in blue short sleeve shirt goes by.
woman sets child on the ground
woman in back row stands
a hand reaches toward the flames
cat sits down.
kid wags finger.
person moves into structure.
lady places the baby down on the beach
a lady in a white top stands up
we zoom out just a little bit
we see the giant robot walk behind the trees on the middle right
the toddler steps onto the cement.
the back of a minivan comes into view.
the child under the towel walks through a doorframe.
the children start jumping up and down
the boy on the bike gives the camera man a high five
a hand pats the little boy on the back
people start waving flags
the dog runs in a small circle.
the frame starts with a man smiling.
man comes into view walking behind people.
man on left touches laptop.
hand with watch is seen for first time.
the cat first turns to the camera.
the woman takes a sip of her wine.
the cats tail first waves around.
the boy puts his fists together.
both dogs are in the pool.
woman on horseback waves to camera
camera pans over to the singer
cars turn to their left
the man on the right side of the drum jumps up
a man stops and smiles directly at the camera
the boy on the right hands the other boy the blue paper
see people and then sky very quickly
graffiti is seen
person in yellow coat is seen in the distance
the truck is no longer seen
the woman falls to the floor
the people clap
the two people on stage hug
the man in the mask dances
they are in the kitchen
the camera pans to then man.
boy in yellow first passes by the camera.
man clearing bags off floor
woman in purple catches ball and throws it
a big gray bus passes through the frame.
the boy closes slidin door for the first time
the cat first stumbles as it climbs the stairs
the cat runs away
the first frame with no building
the camera zooms in
the crowd passes in front of a yellow car.
the person's hands are highest in the air.
the person in the back goes out of view for a second.
the camera moves away from woman taking picture.
the woman on the right is now talking.
woman in red skirt walks in to picture.
girl appears from behind curtain.
a player is seen on the field
hand picks up knife
a man in red shorts walks by
two people in white shirts stand up
one firework explodes right above the water.
the child with a blue scarf and pink hat is crawling on all fours.
a man is shown sitting in front of a computer.
a red car drives down the street.
cat comes in close to examine camera
the lady and a person we can't see clink their wine glasses
a man's face can be seen
a woman holds some food on a stick
the man in yellow walks by
the boy raises his hands
the man and woman pose for a picture
the woman pulls her head back for the first time
a man in an orange shirt walks by
man holding the baby waves the babys hand
girl in front of us turns around ' smiles
boy turns around to look behind him
we zoom in on the dog as it lifts its head
the women bump into each other the second time
a boy in white shirt puts his feet down
the man shakes head and closes eyes.
the baby first appears.
the person scoops into burrito.
guy in blue outfit about to walk a trail in light wooded area.
musician jumping around getting into his music.
lady waves at the camera while doing arts and craft.
man in red shirt turns around
animal get up on all four legs
man in black jack turns around to walk away
the person starts to use the knife.
we see a person walking by.
two people in white stand up.
woman in green pants is seen
boy puts microphone to mouth for first time
two combatants are about to engage it a tournament like competition.
the camera zooms in
the girl on the right is no longer holding up item.
hand is seen moving something up.
one player in white uniform is running while all the other players are staying still
a man waves to the camera.
a man in a red shirt walks out of view.
the first time we see pink and white socks.
the boy puts his finger on his nose
the guy bends over the first time
the horse with the five walks by
the woman massages the baby's arms.
a red car drives by in the background.
a big foot steps on a baby shoe to show the difference in foot size.
smallest elephant walks out or frame.
red chair goes out of frame.
man turns sideways and is on a couch suddenly.
we see sunbathers.
camera pans by first window
baby taps other baby on the arm twice
both dogs briefly move in sync
first person that steps off the train
the helicopter lands
the black car is passed
a person walks by
monk begins rubbing his sticks together
1858 is first seen
red flag held over crowd is first seen
someone throws the toy
the man in black gestures with hands.
the little girl looks up at the camera and smiles
the boy in the red jacket scratches his head
the children in the chorus begin marching in place
the camera turns sideways
we first see the kid throw the ball to a catcher
we first see the dogs legs move a little
dog is sitting looking, then clip changes to dog running
a person plays with the toy
the woman in black looks toward the camera
the camera pans right
a girl in a pink hat, brown coat, and blue scarf is crawling in the snow
a man working at a desk can be seen in the background
man is handed a phone
boy in black jacket bends over and picks grass
man pulls up pants
something drops from the tree.
the view of the land ends with woman holding camera.
no tents can be seen
a flag can be seen on the computer
people are on the beacch
the dog climbs out of the pool.
the man with a red hat walks out of view.
a stick is being waved around in the background
the camera man's face is visible in these frames
a woman in a white bike helmet passes by.
the woman grabs something from the sink for a second time.
person with molten glass steps back out of view
we first see the yellow item get dropped in the black bag
the white squared car first comes into view
the smiling girl holds up her phone
the horse with the blue blanket begins to trot with the other horse
cameraman's foot is briefly visible
man in hat appears to be walking towards the camera
little boy in blue walks closer to old man
a man waving both his hands can be seen briefly
the helicopter begins to go out of view
a black automobile first comes into view
the second dog leaves the room and comes back
someone walks by with a red umbrella
we first zoom close in to the panda bear
we see a man on the ground looking up with his hands shielding his eyes
the child blows out their candles
we first see a person in a green jacket
the blue lights are no longer on the lady.
a blue car drives by.
the person in green touches the head.
the man begins to dance.
the people first become visible.
the engine passes by.
we first see to dogs wrestling
the person in the back of the canoe steps out
camera first zooms in to the musician
we first see a sail boat in the distance
the camera zooms in
the camera focuses on a swing and then pans to the right
woman briefly wipes her face
animal walks off of the truck
boy holds girls face
the person with the bright red hat and vibrant neon green backpack is out of frame and then back in it.
the first time a camera flash is seen
the man begins to shake the baby's hand
second cat jumps on cushion
cheerleader gets tossed in air
seen playing instruments for the first time
a yellow sign can be seen above bottom edge at start of frame
first time blue billboard exits frame left
first time dog hides behind the black beanbag
man behind podium becomes visible for first time
the front of the boat just starts to pass us
camera first starts to move to the left
we see the person take their first step
we see the referee on the left put but arms out
we pass by a blue sign
a person in red turns left on the racetrack
singer begins to perform
the man with a camera taking a picture of the woman with a backpack.
the first time the baseball stadium is shown.
the girl with blue wings goes under the hurdle.
the first and only frame the plastic bag on his arm is visible.
the rock structure next to the elephant is fully visible for the first time
the red balloon is on the ground
a man kneels
the boy drops the toy.
the cat finishes yawning.
bus first comes into view
cameraman's hand first comes into view
two people that walked in front of camera exit frame right
the light on the robot goes out.
the person zooms off.
boy in blue starts skiing
man in black shirt passes in front of the camera through these two frames
us capitol dome comes into view
the woman places the baby on the potty
man starts speaking
first time child comes into view
the baby reaches the end of the carpet.
the child passes by a white car.
the child puts the yellow toy on the red one.
the jeep stops moving.
there is an unattended white laundry basket on the pier.
this is the first time you see the man's guitar and realize he is part of the two man band.
the camera zooms in on what is on the board display
we see people starting to walk across the cross walk
the bird on the right hops over and changes position so it is now in full view
second parachute comes into frame
camera zooms in on skier
when you see the door of the hotel
a white van is visible in these frames
the green billboard exits view the first time
the first time the goalie blocks the other player from scoring
the girl twirls and dances
there are people in the background
the little boy throws bread
we see the sky for the first time.
we pass near a buildng with graffiti.
we see people in the crowd close up.
a red item is seen on left.
the cat tries to roll on back.
baby starts crawling
a person in a pink shirt crosses the view
little boy puts the tractor onto the trailer
we are able to start driving again
there is a shadow of someone riding a horse visible on the snow.
the person on the bike makes a u-turn.
the mouse gets scared and runs back into the cage.
a little girl is super excited to play video games.
a colorfully decorated van drives by.
a girl poses beside a rushing waterfall.
we first see a person making a balloon animal
the singer seems to be holding a long note here
we first see the multicolored thing in the water
baby first looks to your right
we first see someone walk by across the street
cat first turns to look
people start clapping
the guy playing the guitar leans in to look at something
the person talking to the camera starts laughing
the baby that was sitting in front of the tunnel, crawls away out of view
we go under water for the first time
the baby looks at the camera
the stage is seen from far away.
a mascot dancing
only one parachute (at a time) in this frame
man on stage doesnt appear to do anything in these frames
the players first break formation.
the camera first zooms into the box.
lady ' baby turn to face the camera
cat rolls over to get up
woman touches her face
we see the sock for the second time.
the boy with the blue shirt stands back up.
no people are shown.
the girl sucks her thumb
the person wipes out
the focus is on the table
a person first comes into view of the camera
the man in the blue shirt throws three left jabs
the man in the striped shirt turns to face the camera
the camera pans to show the people
the man with the hat is seen
the dancer spins
man in white frist comes to frame.
frame turns blue.
the people are twirling each other
child in dark blue pajamas starts to push the toy
first time woman in white lies down on floor
the people marching walk by red car.
the camera zooms in on fox head.
the man begins to speak.
a man in white runs past the frame
the woman walks in front of horse.
the man arrives with rope.
the camera pans to the right
a hand appears on the right of the frame
the women in costumes jump into each other
the catch reaches it's paw toward the camera
people can be seen coming down the steps in these frames
the girl is talking at the start.
the man is giving a thumbs up.
lady grabs child by the hand
kitten jumps on crate
dog makes a full circle
camera moves away from the porch swing.
girl puts a jewish harp in her mouth.
goat steps off teh ramp.
girl in blue touches the other girls chin.
woman pulls fat off of meat
guitarist in black jacket takes first step backward
one girl is seen tugging her hair behind the ear
lead singer stretches arm out to the crowd
when the camera first zooms in on the band
baby first looks at the camera
bird first hops down from brick wall
we see the dog get the treat ' walk away
we first see a red double decker bus
we first see a bear go behind a tree
girl in pink jacket falls off the sled while being pulled.
baby looks up from playing with book and smiles big.
a yellow sign is passed
the bus is no longer seen
the camera pans right to show a group of large rocks
a woman is holing a phone.
the baby drops the toy
the guard on the right turns around and faces left
the camera moves to the two girls
they pass an orange marker
the man walks forward
a white car drives past
a bench is passed
the girl makes faces
the man is pointing at the paper
a table can be seen
the camera pans left
the woman bends down a bit
woman in red coat exits frame left
first time american flag exits frame left
door opens for dog
first time baby lands on rump
the white car makes a left
red flags can be seen for the first time
the camera pans right
a nice door is seen
the field first comes into view.
the dog walks near the water.
the boy in blue grabs the child.
we begin looking at a collection of books or records.
someone in the background walks away.
someone right pointer finger comes into view.
a guy bends down to grab a branch off the dirt.
lady in red coat waving white sign first disappears from view
we first see the kids performing
other horse's head becomes visible
we first see the woman in gray sweater and pink shirt
a little boy walks up to the man with the bike
man by bike hands something over to little boy
man holding camera in front crouches down
the screen in the back consists of all white squares for a brief moment
a hand is seen adjusting the baby's hat
someone's hand first appears
the man backs up in chair for the first time
the dog is being pet
the penguins are behind a bush and can't bee seen
we first see smoke
a woman appears for the first time
man reaches up toward the monkeys
someone's finger first appears
we first see the lady holding a camera
kid's legs are visible
we start right over the bike.
the woman plays with her hair.
a woman is taking a picture.
little boy drops the toy and starts to pick it up
we first zoom in on the child in the riding toy
cat lifts head ' starts to yawn
we see what is inside the fridge.
the cat first looks down
a fish is caught in the net.
child first lays on the ground
cat is licking its paw
man in black is first talking
the baby pushes toy away.
the red car leaves the frame.
the camera turns right to the guitarist.
the singer first bends over.
the person on stripped shirt passes the camera.
a dog is seen
the cat yawns
child in polka dot shirt falls over
the sheep comes out from the fence toward the children
the baby almost hits the woman in the face with the blue cup
the last bit of the fin can be seen going back down in the water
boy starts talking to a person we can't see
a second child enters the view from the left
we are closest to the bridge in this clip
person zooms past camera
black thing is seen on floor
person in all red costume walks by
first closeup of panda
man shields his eyes from the sun
boy blows out candles
first time the full length of banner can be seen
first time we see her face
first time man in khaki raises right hand with the palm up
the blue light is not as bright anymore.
a tiger lunges and chases its prey.
a silver car drives past
dark hair can first be seen
a man sticks his face in the frame
a hand reaches out and pets the cat
a person on an orange motorcycle comes around the corner
white van exits frame right
first time blue billboard exits frame left
first time goalie blocks a shot
we see two men in the frame
we first see the eye of the fish
woman in blue jacket enters frame
first time person in striped hoodie is seen
first time dog pokes his head out from under the recliner
boy rolls down snow hill
girl grabs her spoon
a person in black is holding something up in the air.
the dog looks to his right.
the people begin to juggle.
the camera pans down to the water
the camera goes into the closet.
the propellers start to spin
the camera pans left to show the sun over the mountains.
the camera zooms in on the man skiiing
the camera zooms in the window
the man in blue disappears from view.
the man kisses the baby.
the man walks in a circle for the first time.
a woman waves to the camera with her left hand.
the camera pans to show that the woman in sewing
a person is showing taking a picture of the ceiling
the camera pans up to show a man in a white shirt
the men push the log into the water
the first time we begin to see palm trees
the bald man with glasses is dancing
the woman with the eye on her stomach walks by the camera
a person in a blue hooded jacket walks by the camera
the camera zooms in on the seals
see the whole ship.
zoomed in on strawberries
big brown fish goes through scenes
dog jumps on owner
the camera zooms in a bit.
the boy in red comes into view.
the camera zooms in to the boy
a camel is seen
a car passes by
the man in the white and yellow shirt raises both of his arms in the air
the camera zooms in to the object on the floor
child gymnast in blue does a back flip.
a group of people standing around having a conversation.
fighters touch gloves and begin fighting.
a woman on the phone leaves the frame
the person wraps the baby in the blanket.
a man is moving his arm.
the camera zooms in on the singers.
the first firework goes off.
bunny looks up from fruit
woman begins speaking
the singer removes her overcoat.
the first time the man in the hat appears.
the baby raises its hands and starts to clap.
the first time you can see the singers red pants.
tennis players start game
small family walking in museum
person comes into view
the green wheel begins to spin
man in dark blue walks through frame to the left
lady on horse first waves
lady starts talking to the camera
we fist see the caller of the square dance
we fist see the top of the church steeple
a kid in a red and white shirt enters the scene.
we see the mound for the first time.
we first see people in a boat
the train engine goes past us
artist stands straight.
camera zooms all the way out.
man in red shirt's face is close to camera
the camera pans over to someone on the bus.
the cats all disperse.
the dog starts rubbing face on pillow.
the boy with the orange ball on his shirt eats something the baby is giving to him
a person in a purple jacket can be seen on the right
the dog spins in the pool
the baby swipes the screen for the first time.
we briefly see a red sleeve.
a swimming seal dives under the water.
a woman squishes a shoe with her foot.
woman in white hat waves to camera.
we see a tv screen.
hands first comes into frame.
man moves hand to guitar
man runs across train track
woman in dress touches man in green shirt
we first see a lady in a red coat
we first see the person giving the lecture
man flips the reflection to show them upright
no diver is seen at all in these clips
the parrot moves to the right of the cage
we can see the foot of the man playing the instrument
a man in a red shirt holding a white flag is walking on the water
the lady in the red jacket stops her feet
the dog first drops the big stick
the dolls face is first visible
a woman in blue is jumping up and down
the soldierscross each other for the first time
the man in the black cap and apron walks to his left.
the bird eating from the cone jumps down to the left.
covered gas station in desert
the woman adjusts the child's hat.
a man in a blue jacket passes the camera.
person in orange jacket walks past window
red truck drives out of view
the helicopter lands
a man in white shirt comes out of the truck and closes the door
the scene is distorted for a brief moment for the first time
a woman in a purple coat comes into view
second cat comes into view
first time cheerleaders drop into a basket catch
the cow lifts his back right leg
a person in a white shirt and blue pants stands up in the audience
a woman is waving a white object at the ground
the man in red jacket bikes away out of view
the woman takes her hands off the handles and moves back and forth
nothing else but the men can be seen talking
the little boy walks away from the camera view
the girl and boy turn around.
the runner in purple starts to pass the baton
little airplane lights go on
violinist starts to play
a vehicle passes by on the road behind the children.
the dog moves its right front paw.
the dog steps off the grass and onto a hard surface.
the camera zooms in on the plunger.
the tree falls to the ground
first time man in light blue tshirt comes into view
man in orange shirt comes into view
first view looking down on spinning record
woman faces camera and smiles
camera moves to the right and we see a yellow pole in front of us
first time we get a glimpse of someone on the bottom right
first time we see the lady in the floral dress
camera pans left a group running
the poles come together
the top of the recorder is seen
the kids duck under the dash board
one of the lions chews on a person's pant leg
a woman walks by the camera with her arm across her chest
the mans face is not seen
the baby looks around
a woman is singing into a mic.
baby turns the light on the toy on for the first time.
blue shirt comes into view
second cat comes into view
man starts to put on hat
blue ball comes into view
bear walks behind the tree
man on stage first appears
a tv is seen
a truck passes by
a person is standing by the waterfall
a guy in a grey shirt runs across the street.
the man with the rope sits down.
man in glasses grabs baby's hand
man blows a kiss at the camera
kid in green jacket with fishing pole turns around
puppy lifts his head from shoulder
the bus makes a right turn
woman slips bottle in her pocket
we can see the pins up close
we pass a woman in black with red collar or undershirt
we see a boy in blue sitting on the ground by himself
bright light is visible
the woman holding the blue towel puts it away
the camera zooms in onto the stage
the girl on the left blows a kiss at the camera
camera pans down to show dogs hurt leg, the moves to show the sore on the dogs side
we first see two girls holding a sign ' talking about it
person standing between the rocks jumps up and lands on both legs on the rocks
the cats chase each other
the baby smiles and opens his mouth very wide.
a woman in a yellow tee shirt sits down.
the contraption falls completely open.
the little girl takes a bite of food.
the glass is burning blue in these frames
the little boy drops something black
the camera is zooming in on a mountain
the boy looks to the right.
white building and stairs are seen
green mountain comes into view
white banners are seen for first time
woman moves a piece of cloth
a brown square is seen
a sign is seen
the kids begin to run away
first time van exits bottom of frame
we see one huge spray up of water, then a stream shoots in from the right
we see the group singing the quickly pan to the right to see a large group of people
animal's head is out of water briefly
person walks in front of the camera from the right
woman in white shirt is seen pointing
camera zooms in close up on baby
baby places potty trainer on top of cardboard
cat winks left eye
the cat runs away.
the camera moves from the building to the sky.
the man raises up the sword for the first time.
both dogs are inside of the pool.
the man helps the kid up.
the hand grabs the string.
race starts and we see the runners take off
we see the man playing the instrument on the left quickly lift up his left hand
girl in yellow shirt gets up from scooter
cat goes behind the pole for the first time
runner starts running
the people begin to run
the head in front of the camera bounces to the music
the boy sits down.
the camera first transitions to a different shot.
the man first reaches for womans hand but fails.
boy drops something on the square below
boy in orange picks up the item he dropped
man throws first dart
old man hands dart over to younger man
a large bottle of alcohol comes into view
dealer places deck of cards right in front of the camera
toddler leans forward and then back
santa stops moving hips for a bit
the man is nodding his head
a white car enters the frame
we see a baby standing in a yellow shirt
the dogs right paw bounces slightly
the man walks away from the chalk board.
two girls in pink walk into the frame.
the man doesn't move the saw.
the camera pans right
blue tank top is flipped
brown cat plays with black cat
driver puts on a cap
a man in dark swimming trunks slides down a water slide
a girl in a pink sweater jumps in the back seat of a car
a baby tiger rolls over and bites at a pant leg
we first see a door with a red sign over it
man in white jacket (owen wilson') rubs his nose.
woman begins to kneel
little girl begins to wave
we see a tall building for the first time.
the first person on the bike makes it to the sidewalk.
cat scratches at wall with both paws
we see some birds fly for the first time.
the animal is near the house then runs away.
the man in the striped shirt receives his token.
man in white shorts takes off shirt
boy takes off in sleigh
man in white shirt comes into view
woman in red is bending over
person to the right of cameraman is seen holding his/her camera up
cement first starts being poured onto the board
a person in a tee shirt is sitting on the ground.
the person takes the first step up.
we see the word cat on the machine for the first time.
a man looks back at the guy looking at the camera.
the person talking looks back at the end.
woman cuts something in half for the first time
dog jumps out of pool
a man in a yellow shirt passes by from right to left
forklift comes into view
dog first comes into view
first closeup of band
we see the woman is sewing
the camera pans up to the ceiling
the man is not seen
no one is seen on this frame
a secluded picnic table with fall colored leaves under it is shown.
man in white shirt puts his hand over his face to block sparks.
person in white running has no identification number.
the man drops the yellow paper in the bag
headlights flash
first time boy in red throws something
man with orange sunglasses comes into view
geese come into view
a purple ball comes into view.
the frame starts on biker in red.
three people run in front.
baby places head down on mattress momentarily
boy moves towards the left side of the keyboard
another train comes in from the bottom
woman in black leans forward and boogies with the woman in green
boy in green rides pass camera on a cart
man in orange waves page back and forth
orange cones first disappears from view
man in light shirt disappears from view for the first time
strange structure in glass display
trash man needs assistance with large item from guy in reflective jacket.
first time the purple streak is seen
first time child runs out of frame
man holding yellow jacket is visible
dog's head first appears
first camera flash
the boy picks up the balloon from the floor
the toilet paper cannot be seen in the background
a man is seen sitting on a blanket next to the little girl
a black car makes a right turn
a woman walks up to the door of the bus
blue bus leaves the view to the right
a boy with a blue pin stripe shirt picks up a ball.
a guy is seen smiling.
a person sprinkling seasoning on something they are cooking.
the boy painting is seen
the camera pans out
the woman point
people are seen
the camera zooms in
the stage is really bright
the adults mouth is visible in these frames
the cat is yawning.
a woman leaves the truck
the man turns left
the camera zooms out
a woman in a blue jacket is seen
we meet up with another person on the trail.
the person on the bike rides by.
the rat runs away.
man in white is seen bending at the waist
girl places mouth on beer bong
camera passes by clothesline
we first see the man's face
a man walks behind the dancers
the man in a white shirt goes out of view of the camera
a camera is first seen on the left of the frame
a blond kid in bluejeans walks between the cyclists
a man in a red shirt first comes into view
birds fly from a tree
a fox is first seen
a man in striped shirt walks toward the camera
the bird looks right
the camera pans left
the little girl in light blue is sitting on the floor and raises her hand
a man in a yellow shirt and white hat walks across the scene
the camera zooms in on a brown house in the distance
the trees start this frame.
the kid begins to move.
the baby holds his arm up.
the singers are zoomed in on.
the man holding the camera begins to talk.
a bus is seen driving by.
a guy in a red shirt joins the singing.
a woman is seen carrying two bags in her right arm.
the front of the boat is the only thing mostly visible.
a woman sitting can be seen
no cars can be seen
the baby is forced to clap
the boy takes a bite from the spoon
the foot race begins
child first moves hand from face
first surfer fall and another jumps in
in this frame we only see the two woman in white speaking to eachother
there are no people seen
the woman points at a page in the book
the camera zooms in on the shaking toy
the person stops shaking the bouncer
first time child runs away from grimace
man in black vest uncrosses his arms
first time baby hits the toy on his table
the person in the costume stops, turns, and throws the green ball
the stage lights turn yellow and a 5 is shown on screen
we first see an airplane
baby turns around after walking far past us
baby starts to cry
the bus completely exits frame left
finger tickles baby
we briefly see an arm in the right frame
the camera passes the tv
two dogs are seen on the red mat
the boy walks back and forth with help
the bus comes to a stop
a green white and black flag goes out of frame.
the camera pans left to a man playing the violin
we see a bar.
the boys hand is waving up and down while he on the ground.
the toes all move.
person in gray runs by
tall man in white first looks at the back of his page
they swings their left arm for the first time
dogs are furthest away
boy stands up
girl tries to throw a snowball the first time and stumbles a bit
the yellow tube leaves view.
the back of a man's head can be seen on the bottom right
the face of the man playing the guitar can be seen in these frames
a lady in a white dress is pointing down in these frames
the camera zooms in slight to a white object
we see the door of the building for the first time.
the camera zooms in to the scenery.
the lady squeezes the toy for the first time
a camera is first seen
a girl on a scooter is seen
the boy with a blue shirt is seen
the man points at item with right arm.
the silver car drives through rain.
the boy in blue puts his head down briefly
a man takes pictures
an old man shakes the baby's hand
the dogs are the furthest away from the camera
the boy playing guitar stands up
baby looks at the camera and then smiles
the horse is the closest
we briefly see someone on the left of the frame
the baby turns on the light on the toy
man in white shirt standing beside green painted wall comes into view
man in hat begins speaking
there is only one person coming down from the sky in this frame
the camera zoom in on the man with the red shirt
the two men in the center separate and move to opposite sides
the woman puts her hands up.
a person with jeans walks up.
the woman pulls out the document.
the gorilla first opens its mouth
the dog in the red sweater shakes his body
the child in the blue shirt looks back at the camera in this frame
the woman in grey picks up the baby out of the car
a little girl in pink appears from behind the curtain
we first see the man's green shirt.
the boy pulls out the book.
the boy slides in on his belly.
we first see the driver
first zoom in on the little kid in red
camera shifts right to the trees
a man in black gets up to whisper to the lady wearing white and black
a woman in a red jacket is pointing into the distance in these frames
man in red jacket comes into view and points to his right
the boy first looks up.
the person hits it over the net the first time.
a woman in red appears.
man's face get dark and then light.
man in white shirt walks by bottom right corner
baby pushes wagon forward, looks down and bounces a bit
we see the boy for the first time.
small boat on very muddy river
cat looks up from eating and is petted
person on orange vehicle stops
the boy in red is whisking the white liquid
the little girl holding the red object pats her head
the woman in dark clothes begins to walk forward
a girl in the parade turns to face the camera
a man in bluejeans raises his right arm
the man singing raises and shakes his left arm
a man in a red and white striped walks in front of the camera
the boy is first heading towards the camera.
the man first takes a bit of the plant
the man looks away from his banjo
the man slide a card through the machine
we first see a page turn in the book
we first see a red doll hanging
camera stays on the boots
person drives away ' turns to start coming back
girl in butterfly wings claps
man in yellow shirt walks past
the guy eats the plant
a man in a black hat and black sunglasses is visible in these frames
the camera pans slightly left to right
camera zooms in and out on dog
woman points to book
the rest of the cityscape is visible
we see a man right in front of us taking video
we first see the boy eating
elsa sticks one leg up into the air
kill is seen for the first time
climber pulls self up with both hands on ridge
the camera moves around the baby playing.
a man in black walks by the screen.
the woman first walks away and then back on screen.
the lady in pink shirt looks to the right and points at a person
a little girl in orange puts her head on the table
only gif where baby doesn't look at the camera
camera starts to pan to the right
the man is holding the contraption together, then lets it quickly un roll
girl takes her first bite of food
the raises his arm in the air after strumming the guitar.
the woman begins to laugh
the child in the green shirt crawls out of frame.
the diver goes underwater.
a head can be seen
a woman can be seen
a second child is first seen
a woman in a red coat walks into frame
words are seen on a screen
the camera flips right side up
someone is seen swimming
a yellow scooter is seen parked on the street.
a black dog comes running into a room.
the crowd on stage is seen rubbing their stomachs.
a man talks to the camera
no person is seen
the beach can no longer been seen
clock tower first disappears from view
we first see the field/stadium
the girl and the boy in front bump their cars together sideways
the man first looks down
we see a woman with brown hair
kid rolls down a snow hill
boy comes back off table by swinging legs
woman comes very close to camera
second woman first comes into view
person seen walking behind man in red and stopping
a person in a green and yellow stripe shirt walks in front of the camera
the woman spins the man in the blindfold around
the man turns the camera back around
women in red leaves scenes
two guys in black fix curtain
first time woman takes a bow
man looks toward camera briefly
the baby plays the piano with one finger
the car pulls up to the starting line
a dog is seen on the scoreboard
man is facing towards his left and smiling at whoever he is talking to
man in grey shirt turns to look at the camera
boy on left side walks straight up to the camera
boy on right side walks up to the camera
train passes over a little square thing on the railroad
we pass by a red building
the girl brushes her hair back
the woman in a flowered dress raises her arms up in the air
woman in a red jacket standing on a snow cliff
girl in purple shirt is flapping her arms
little boy hits bookcase then falls to the floor
he begins to shake the object the first time
boy in plaid shirt walks in front of whiteboard
the man's face is visible the first time
the man shakes the flag out in the wind
another person walks in the room
baby crawling into rainbow tube
first time we see an adult hand spin the toy
the person sitting down in the back wearing black looks up towards the camera
orange cat yawns in its sleep
dog runs down steps
little girl stops and bends over
car passes by
someone runs by for the first time
first time woman in white wags her finger
top of head exits bottom of frame
woman in red exits frame left
someone throws something at the swinging child
the crowd begins to clap.
the woman in purple swings back and forth.
the blonde with sunglasses on top of her head dances with a toddler.
the dogs paws become the center of attention.
the rear view mirror can be seen
the man swings for the first time
the chicken pecks the bag
a person with a stripped shirt walks by the camera
the man is holding his hand up to his face.
the camera first pans to the cameraman
child kicks ball.
net moves a lot.
black truck drives into frame.
camera goes from big screen to stage.
the only time a man is seen in the background other than the man swinging.
we see the group standing together for the first time
the fighters kick for the first time
the baby rocks side to side in the highchair
a woman with short hair leans into the frame
the horse walks straight up to the camera
everyone throws their hands up in unison
someone with jeans on appears
woman pulls something out of gray package
child is closest to camera
first time man wearing the british flag can be seen
the girl in a black top and glasses puts two fingers up to her face and smiles
the cat jumps on and off the table
boy in blue coat starts skiing
man in black shirt and jeans walks by
no statues are seen just people walking
the man sits at the table
words are at the top of the screen
two people make a conga line
the camera briefly pans to the left
the little girl puts her face on the ground
baby sucks on his finger
man first touches the table
boy appears to fling his paper but doesn't let go
man first disappears from view
boy first turns to face us
adult first disappears from view
girl first turns the page
the boy starts swinging his legs
the people start dancing
the mandala gets blurry
the dog looks at the camera
the camera zooms in on the paper
we see the dog for the first time
the man hops between the rocks
man with no shirt comes into view
man starts speaking
the man in the middle looks up at the man in the orange shirt
the airplane is first seen
the baby runs away
a man in white shirt is talking to the camera
a white car is seen
we fist pan up to see the birds
we first look out the left side window
dog knocks the ball off the carpet
a man sitting in a chair waves to the camers
the thrid person from the left leans back a little while playing
do drops the tennis ball the the persons feet
the people go out of view.
the camera zooms in on the plane.
the dog hits the ball into the wall.
the camera quickly moves right.
two small canoes are now seen.
the boat passes by
the camera pans right
the person begins to walk
the person grabs the rope at end of frame.
the coaster reaches highest point.
something gets tossed into the air.
the fish can first be seen.
boy dressed in yellow shirt and thick black glasses talks to the camera.
we see people in black walking in the hall
a kid runs to the right of the frame
a second dog appears
the bridge railing cannot be seen
a person with brown sweater and blue paints is visible
the child in red goes under the railing
a man in navy blue shirt walks across the frame, close to the camera
we first see rear view mirrow
man launches third hockey puck
curious hen pecks hanging object
the man in the red sweatshirt starts to put on his coat
a man reaches up to catch the climber
the person does a flip on the trampoline
we start at the back of the car.
the camera moves off the priest.
the dog turns back to the camera.
the motorcycle guy leaves.
the car appears on screen.
woman in aqua color shirt bends down
red car does a double spin
man in white shirt sets plate on table
camera shifts from the tv to a lady with a pink thing around her neck
camera first shifts to man in the dark
the boy sleds away
a bald head covers the camera
the camera zooms in on the person.
a person in a red jersey is in view.
the train arrives at the screen.
second man comes into view
gorilla first starts to look around
woman in bright yellow dress walks by
the man helps the dog out of the pool.
the camera zooms in on the guitarist.
man in a white shirt raises his arms.
girl in black shirt hands the microphone to the girl on her right.
cameraman starts moving forward.
man in green talking pictures
camera pans to the right ' we see a person in a costume
camera pans left to the person sitting next to us
camera zooms in better on the pots
the toddler is jumping up and down
camera is zoomed in on a man playing guitar.
the man tightens the jar
the camera pans and ends on a man in a black jacket
lady in grey dress in the scenes
you see a red tent
cat licking itself
people come and leave scenes
we first see someone helping the boy write
the dora in the tablet game catches monkey
person starts stirring the food in the bowl
boy grabs rings and swings forward before putting his feet back on the ground
the person drops something below.
the man throws the first dart.
the man puts the cigarette in his mouth.
the boy looks at the camera for the first time.
a red sign is in the background
costumed person give boy arrow
man is seen playing guitar
man raises one hand and moves it around
the man in the blue and black coat turns and looks towards the camera
the soapbox cars start down the ramp
cheerleaders start moving their pompoms
children watches the peacock
woman looks at the camera
child picks up brown toy from the table
we first see the bike up close
we first see someone in blue shorts
man in white shirt and tie first gestures with his hand
we first see the long table
person in lime green shirt is seen
baby throws book at other baby
black and yellow dog rush into room
woman in subway/train walks out of subway
the boy hops in place
a woman with a red shirt is seen
the girl turns the page
man first gets on trapeze and swings away
man on trapeze returns to platform
a warning sign is visible
man spins something in a circle and throws it up
the least amount of floor is visible here
the big screen is shown
the girl pulls the toy closers
the person opens the mini fridge
the camera pans to show people on computers
the man catches a fish in the net
the white focus leaves
the kid begins to whisk
the kid in the left rubs their eyes for the first time
umbrellas first disappear from view
a man's face appears upside down and then disappears.
the boy pulls a present out of its wrapping paper.
a third man jumps into the water.
we first see the pan pressing down on the counter
we see a child in a plaid shirt walk up to the front of the class by the two girls
first time we see a skater go behind the man talking
man in plaid shirt stands
the first hit is made
the camera zooms out on the instruments.
a person with backpack walks in front of lady.
the baby begins to flap arms.
the camera walks through and shows the kitchen in the room
the person in the dog costume falls over
bear begins bouncing the ball
yellow lights turn on
the camera zooms in on the red guy
the camera zoom in the guy
lego piece with the red dot
when you see the back of the woman in the black shirt
both dogs are seen jumping high
camera starts to pan right ' we see a lady in a red jacket leaning over ' starting to stand back up
first time we see the crowd wave their hands or a flag
first time we see the dancers start to dance
we see a child first roll down a hill
the group turns around and runs but our way with the blue team kicking the ball
camera starts to pan to the field
the stairs come into view
tops of heads briefly then nothing but mountains, sea, and sky
everyone starts to arrive
first time mother's head comes into view
a man in a yellow shirt walks by the camera to the left
the baby lays his head down back onto his arm
the little boy in blue has his hands raised
the man and woman hug to take a picture in these frames
man walks away from board
boy bangs cup with straw
the man pushes the little girl back to the person in the costume
the camera zooms in on the baby
man begins speaking
baby comes into view
first fold of the dumpling
man in white shirt first comes into view
the camera zooms in on a deer.
the woman grabs the ball.
a girl in blue comes into view.
someones hand is seen in the frame on the right
the cat first appears in the screen
we pan right to see the city buildings
the sleeping boy fist falls a little sideways but doesnt wake up
we see the puppet on the ground for a second time
the woman sits down her drink and types on her phone
first time we see a persons arms on the right
no white van is seen at all in these clips
we don't see the roadblocks.
the girl shakes her head.
we don't see the trumpet player.
the light on the sculpture fades out.
we first zoom in to the item on the fountain edge
baby falls out of sled
baby first looks up at camera
the boy places the paper on the ground
the woman records the man
man squats down.
man in light plaid shirt on a bike comes into frame.
woman pumps soap a second time.
the kid looks up at the camera in these frames
the engine of the train passes out of view
the brown horse exits view the first time
the girl turns a page and begins reading again
the girl playing the violin exits view for a moment the first time
zoom in on the girls then onto the girl with no hat, then zoom back out again.
the flying snake enters the stage and begins chasing the man playing a horn
the baby puts his hand is his mouth.
the person on left stops clapping.
we first see a boy playing his guitar
we first see a group in white clothing
woman finally walks up and begins to drink from the hose
we can not see any part of the man in these frames
man with camera stands and walks to child
we first see the lights
the man in blue shirt walks out of view.
the animal turns forward.
a man in black hoodie comes into view.
a person in red points.
the camera zooms into the item on the field.
the little girl begins to talk for the first time
the man is giving a thumbs up
the baby goes between the camera man's legs
the girl with the pink shirt is visible in these frames
the man is talking and begins to gesture with his hands
we see the third person playing drums on the left the first time
the stage on the left is no longer visible the first time
a girl wearing a pink jacket walks past the hula hoopers
the baby begins flailing his arms for the first time
a man wearing a suit and taking a picture becomes visible
the black chicken is seen for the second time
a second dog enters the picture.
the dancer on stage spins for the first time
we enter a clearing after traveling on the path for a moment
baby first looks up at camera
the man moves the chair.
a gray backpack is first seen.
the camera zooms out on the speaker.
the camera swings around to the man in glasses
the girl stops fussing with her teeth and smiles
the words on the red vehicle are readable for a moment
the cat shakes its head
the person on the horse begins to move
we first see a hand cranking
lady on right comes into view for a moment
boy puts first paper down
a horse in red walks by.
the camera goes blurry for a second.
someone takes a picture of the tour guide.
the dish washer walks in front of camera.
sparks first come off the wall.
the hand first appears.
camera moves away from the chefs.
the person does a back flip.
the puppet is on the ground
the blue bin can be seen
the camera pans right
the man makes multiple final twists on the balloon.
the boy on the scooted turns around in the street.
the boy in orange is the focus now.
the boy throws something at the swinger
the man begins dancing
the coaster leaves the cave
the man is walking by
the man with the paintbrush appears
four wood benches can be sen in the background
sniffs snow befor exiting door.
man with white shirt covering head walks towards the stage.
we first see the white dog
a finger rubs the baby's belly
first person comes into view
the girl first begins spinning around
man reaches back from something to play guitar.
man in blue waves
after dog gets its treat it start to walk away
we see someone in the back walk left out of view
a kid rides by us on a big wheel
lady doing a craft waves at the camera
first time black dog runs out of view ' then back in
the boy twirls
the dog can be seen
the camera pass a ride with cups.
the people begin to sing.
the girl plays with her hair.
a man in a yellow shirt walks behind the people.
the spoon goes into the food.
man stretches before the boxing game
man in red puts sign under arm to put a jacket on
the woman moves from one spot to another.
the camera pans to the woman laying down.
the girl does spins and jumps.
the chef high fives the boy and we see all the chefs walking away
horse walks up to the camera
we see someones hands and a dog in the bottom left
first see a person in a green and orange striped shirt
bird jumps off cone
painting is first seen
boy in blue smiles at the camera.
woman holding baby looks into the camera
man wearing a blue shirt gets up
the two ladys on the left raise their glasses
baby starts to walk away
gorilla looks up at camera
the black dog first runs out of view
the cow first turns its head away
man in light plaid shirt rides by
the train begins to pass the camera
a woman in white takes a picture
the baby falls over
they first kick
man kisses baby
women in white exits truck
hand is seen on menu
people run up to bikes and get on them
cat walks away and then comes back
hands come to cover baby with blanket.
person in pink sweater walks past.
only frame with people in it.
girl's legs are not shown in these scenes
dog goes down stairs
woman in black hands microphone to person next to her
a mouse wobbles back and forth and then darts off.
baby plays with toy then throws it and crawls away.
track runner in purple starts on his run.
guy in white shirt sips his beer and speaks with another man.
the person can be seen
the people are seen for the first time
the shoe is squished
we pan up quickly to see smoke from a rocket
we zoom in on dog swimming
baby looks at camera ' laughs
boy first starts fishing
dog first rolling on his back.
the trumpet player in blue scratches his head
a man in a white shirt and hat walks in front of the camera
the man in the red coat stands up
person in black puts on blindfold
we first see person in white coat.
we get closeup of ruler on floor.
we first see tv screen.
man in white life vest walks towards camera and then off screen.
person takes the bib off the small boy.
large dog falls to the ground.
boy in red first feeds goat
man is talking.
boy holds book up right after he tears off paper
camera zooms in on stage
we first see the second guys face
the girl begins to swing.
the camera zooms in on the baby.
man in white stripped shirt gets up and walks away
baby puts hand on mouth
only screen is seen---no woman
girl rides away for the first time
kids first duck down
the number 5 horse walks by.
we see the kids at the highest point of the stairs.
the lights change to yellow.
camera moves out on a person on horse.
the people in the middle are zoomed in on.
the camera zooms into the man's muddy leg
the woman takes the instrument out of her mouth
the camera first zooms in on the red train
a black truck passes
a woman with blonde hair passes by
the baby opens the book then looks in the camera
all the students raise their hands on their head then dances
a person in white passes behind the woman with the microphone
the camera pans so that the boat is no longer visible
we see the baby in the pink shirt for the first time.
a boy in a plaid shirt walks to the front.
the woman in red isn't clapping.
singer raises hand in air and then points toward crowd
1 football player is the only one runner
just the tiny part of fish is seen
2 animals first seen fighting
the dog gets in the pool.
the boy balances on a leg between frames.
the rub the red steel on the table.
the yellow puppet falls on the stage.
the cat jumps on the table.
the fox is the closest to the house.
there is a brown spot on the screen.
the woman begins to speak.
the girls begin to perform.
the woman removes the hat.
the person on stage is now squatting down between the two kids
we pan quickly to the right to see steps
no people are seen in these clips
the cattle exits the truck
the woman throws a snowball at the camera.
the camera pans past the lead conductor violinist person, woman, dude.
sits in chair and starts to play
persons face is seen
kid is furiously turning wheel
grabs cart with 2 hands
third kid walks up
runners start running
person falls down in water
little boy first walks over
something grabs dogs toy
the ducks are all past the yellow line now.
a shadow goes around the ice cream.
camera moves toward someone holding an item.
the baby grabs the yellow knob on the toy.
the camera moves down and shows the boys arm.
the cat sits down on toilet.
the man touching the side.
the bus passes by.
you can now see people in museum.
camera moves away from pool to the grass.
a white van first rides by.
the man looks at the camera and shifts his head.
the woman takes a sip of her drink
the helicopter lands on the roof of the building
the girl in blue stands up after finishing her routine
someone is seen filming with a video camera
first time we see the goalie go backwards towards the goal
the girl in turqoise pushes off the first time.
the reach the camera.
the baby raises his head.
a lady in a yellow dress is there.
the cat comes into view.
the man on right touches the mug.
the inside of boat starts the frame.
the camera person starts to move through the snow.
moves from guy in orange to guy in blue
moves past man taking picture
other person on horse is seen
we first see the balloon animal
the two logs come together
kid in orange bends down to pick a ball up
person in red coat passes through frame
first frame in which the cat that doesn't move, does not move.
first time child put face on floor before popping back up.
the girl places her hand on the table
we first see a man sitting on the blanket.
the gorilla opens its mouth
the runners start to go.
the man first moves to the right.
the boy walks up to the bike.
somebody tries to take the toy from the dog.
the woman's face disappears from the frame.
a hand with a string appears.
a hand begins to pump a lever.
the bus passes by.
the man starts to put on his hat.
we first see the guys face
we first pan left to see back yard
we move away from computer to see the people on the stage
we pan left to see a green wall
woman takes hands off handle bars.
singer pumps fist
one of players in black partially hugs teammate
least amount of fin is shown
birds run back into bush
the camera zooms in just a little.
we first see the first bicycle.
we first see no people in this clop.
the camera looks at the floor.
a broom can be seen
the camera is focused on the ground
the camera zooms into a tape measurer
the man is in a kitchen
the two boxers kick each other.
the truck stops.
kid takes off fast
we see a person in all black guiding a child
man in all white shirt glances to your left
sled falls over with baby
train starts to pass us
lady in red jacket enters from right
a woman plays the violin
a person walks down the street
the person with the brush looks to the camera and nods
the child slams his hands against the drums one final time
the music teacher appears
camera zooms in on the crowd
black handle bars first start swinging back and forth
camera zooms in on kitty and dish
the cat lays on its stomach for the first time
a woman in a grey blazer is seen for the first time.
a man on a red motorcycle comes into frame.
a woman in a black coat goes to the door of the bus.
the woman grabs her head
the boy first kicks the ball
we first see the deer up close
one of the performers passes close by
the diners clang glasses.
the camera views to the watchers.
the mother takes the baby away.
the baby eats the book
the flag can be seen on the computer
the orange marker is passed
the beach can be seen
first time boy taps drum with stick
kneeling woman starts to reach for something
two people walk completely out of frame
the man in the white shirt raises his hands.
the woman in the dress is first visible.
a person wearing blue enters the scene.
the engine leaves the scene.
the two girls faces are close.
the baby begins to cry.
the camera zooms in on the skier.
the person filming takes a few steps towards the stage before stopping.
we first see the mouth of the person holding the baby.
a person first appears.
the camera zooms in on the man in green.
the boy touches the screen.
an adult enters the screen.
we see the second dog.
the woman begins to cut a pie.
man is seen raising hand
man lets go of sled
person in black walks fast then picks something up
camera pans from hundreds of cats to person in black legs only.
a man appears sitting in a chair
the sunlight appears in the sky
camera zooms in
the child skis down the hill.
someone first pets the cat.
a shirtless man is closeup in these frames.
the second cat jumps onto the couch
the baby's face first comes into view
the older gentleman comes into view
the animal walks away from truck.
camera zooms in on two girls in snow.
the camera zooms in on the paper.
the little girl runs away.
the man picks up the boy.
the tent is now out of view.
a woman appears behind the man and the toddler.
a man leans to his right and slides his hand down the side of the platform.
a small red car appears and drives across, left to right.
the peacock shakes it rear
the two girls dance for the first time
people clap
boy reaches and grabs yellow truck
girls touch wigs
girl goes and grabs blue ball
the team walks towards the dugout
a man with a video camera is shown
a person appears wearing a red jacket
two men are sitting in a booth
a person gets on bus wearing yellow shirt and green jacket
the firework goes off
the cook hands the food to the customer.
a man wearing a pink shirt sits down
a lady wearing a gray shirt bends down
you see a person walking in the snow
goes by car
makes a left turn
person turns baby over
clothes on a rack are seen
camera zooms out to something besides grass
we first see the man
the second man sits down.
the single parachute.
the girl spits out beer.
a man in sunglasses turns his head to his left for the first time.
someone in bright red shorts appears.
a woman in white shirt and black pants lays down on the floor for the first time.
the man stands in front and starts to do a dance
the guitar player does not sway from side to side
dark haired boy tries to pick up the baby then leaves
cat is playing with ball
a man reaches up to the monkeys on the branch.
the woman in black drops something and picks it up.
the two people pose for picture.
the man falls into the water.
the camera moves up to the blue sky.
the singer jumps up and down on stage.
a woman in a black robe walks across the screen carrying a red flag.
the baby sits down.
a man is seen standing by the table.
person first jumps up and sticks arms in the air.
guy in black first bends down
lady in purple disappears to the right
camera moves in on stage.
the man in blue begins to talk
the man in orange can no longer be seen
the black horse can be seen
the man speaking is pointing.
the horse follows the person in green jacket.
the boy stops and looks to the right and left
the camera zooms in on the deer
the cat gets on back.
the camera comes around the other side.
a bright light is now seen.
we can first see the singer's red pants.
we see the most of the person's body in this frame.
the dog hops off the steps.
the woman in black hands over the mic.
yellow circles begin flashing behind the woman with the microphone
a large object moves through view
the man in overalls comes into view again
one person steps to the left away from the rest of the crowd
the guy in the yellow helmet exits the scene.
the scene lightens a little.
the singer lifts his hand for the second time.
the fin is the most submerged here.
the animals begin to run.
only one para shooter is now seen.
a hand is pointing at the roof.
the person filming begins to move.
the man in the black shirt spins around in his chair
the monk stops working on the mandala
the boy touches the girls face.
the baby cries.
another skier comes into frame.
the baby stops moving arms.
a red wall is on the left.
someone is pointing at the food.
the lights on the robot turn off.
the boy does the chicken wing flap.
the orange pilon is visible.
first time baby falls asleep while playing in toy saucer
person in blue shirt walks behind shelfs
camera pans to yellow cat on the bed.
baby first looks back after walking off
dog starts to go through door
first see a hand in the air
the jet is at its farthest zoom.
person in red cap look up from looking down
baby lays and keeps head down
green water is shown
we first see a puppet dance
we see graffiti on a building
we first pan right away from elephant
child rolls down hill from top
the dog first appears to walk away and stops
we first see a camera flash
the men start dancing
the skier passes by
the camera zooms in on the car.
the camera zooms in on the bird.
the last kick is made
the boy in sunglasses passes by for the second time
the dancing santa stops briefly before dancing again
a red and yellow flag is seen behind the speaker
the camera walks past the tv
the boy stands up
the baby walks away
he crosses his legs
the girl comes out from behind the curtain
hands first reach in
needle arm first goes down on record
man is backwards to camera
baby shakes head for last time
the man runs in a circle
the skydivers are seen
a man walks by
person in orange is turning pages
man in stripes is first shown
balloons are not shown here at all
woman sits cup down
red tent first shown.
we first see girl in pink/red
people first get off the bus
kid and guy in blue bend down
we first see man in black shirt walk by
we first see the boy in sunglasses
we first see the dancing santa a little further back
the baby first looks towards us
the camera passes someone in a red and black vest
a red car drives past
a black dog runs across the room
we first see greenish blue water.
we first make left turn in stone maze.
kids start waving there arms in a backwards circle
stage background turns yellow
the lights dim.
the boy puts his fingers on his face.
the camera zooms in to the seals.
the inside of baseball field wall is first shown
the man is talking for the last time
dog backs up for first time
man in white sits down
a person wearing black moves by quickly.
a man in blue gestures with arms.
the man on black walks by camera.
the top of the tree comes into view.
the woman begins to flip her hair.
we first see the man's face.
we see a red car on the back road.
the camera is the furthest away from the cheerleaders
the little girl is talking to the older woman
the red truck drives out of view
camera swings to a menu.
the camera switches to a close-up of a man in a red jacket.
cat first walks straight up to camera.
bus completely exits frame right
boy in red shirt comes into view
parked red car comes into view
first time red flag held above crowd is seen
a man slide down the waterslide
camera zooms in on the kid
person in black first runs in scene
a capital building is shown
the cat starts to claw at the wall.
the camera focuses on struggling fish on boat.
a multi-colored tube is shown in the water
the white car flashes its headlights
a girl on a bike is pulling a guy on a skateboard
a bird flies behind the woman and child
the man in the silly hat stands up
the bird flies off of the wall for the last time
camera pans right to seats
a woman holding a camera appears
a woman weaing a burgandy jacket picks up a ball and tosses it
the cat comes into the picture.
the boy fishing turns around.
the cat turns over on stomach.
the trumpet player comes back into view.
a man in white passes in front of the camera.
the person in red stands up.
two boys fluff black curtains.
dog pushes ball onto the tile, and then back into the carpet.
little boy hugs the baby.
a person in red passes to the left
the boat passes almost completely out of view
the baby is picked up and dropped again
the man steps out the frame
ice hockey player scores
three people are shown pulling the rope.
we can see the whole group of ducks.
the first person enters the scene.
we see the adult's hand for the first time.
we see a man standing near a window.
the cow runs off the ramp
camera zooms on the girl in the back, then back out again
we pan to the left ' see a guy in a cap in front of us
the kid falls over in the sleigh
a woman appears wearing a red jacket
we first see woman in blue pants
we first see person in white pants
a foot smushes the shoe for the first time
the flame is burning.
the asian woman clapping.
they pan the camera to the lone duck, and back.
the camera man moves to the boys backside.
we first see the dogs head peak out from under the recliner
we only see one person in this clip
woman goes forward on scooter
the kids duck down in the car
a man talking then he bends over to pick up a purse
the man begins to hop.
the van rolls by.
the baby drops the black object.
we see a man standing.
the guy gestures thumbs up
the girl in yellow stands up
the girl turns the page
the baby takes toy out of mouth.
another boy walks into background.
the bus comes to a stop.
some one throws something at one of the people on the swings
the man walks away from the board
the dancer on the right spins for the first time
we see round tube in the water for the first time
we see the door to the building for the first time.
we first see the white car
first see a person on a bike
man gives thumbs up
girl in pink sits down
girl is turning page
the cat turns to the left.
the pins start to retract.
the bird grabs the toy for the first time.
camera shifts out of driveway to the sidewalk.
the woman waves to the camera.
two red flags are seen.
people can first be seen.
the woman kneels down.
a blue wall can now be seen.
there are only one parachute visible at a time
cat licks mouth
girl puts mouth on hose.
a man is looking to his right.
the man begins to speak.
the bald man first disappears from view
the man first stops swaying
a boy runs up to the baby and hugs it
we first see a guy in a green shirt pushing a stroller
wood pieces go together to make a triangle
camera starts to zoom in on boy
woman on scooter can be seen coming around the corner
a window can be seen in the small room
boy first looks down as he/opens/closes the door
red balloon first flies up
boy drops his toy
the tram passes by
the camera pans sharply left
the man chwws the plant
the people raise their hands
dump truck starts to empty its contents
first time we see the black cat
the camera pans away from the singing children and back to the crowd
a paved path becomes visible
a man in white shirt walks away
the man filming appears for the first time
a person in blue trousers steps up
a person standing raises hands
the dog is shown shaking
the tallest girl grabs the little boy's arm and raises it
the woman covers the tiny baby
a stroller passes by
the two boys leave view
the side view mirror can be seen
man holding something in his mouth gets down on one knee
man begins to stand up again
a block is sat on the ground
kid sits pink pot on the box
the child in red begins rolling on the ground.
the van goes out of the video.
we see the people for the first time.
the baby first looks at us
the man first serves
the baby first goes to the other person
camera first shifts right to the yellow building
hand first appears in frame
the woman's face is no longer there.
the camera zooms in on the cat.
the laptop is still on screen.
the girls on top fall.
the girl removes the helmet.
the boy in orange can be seen.
little girl in purple fans her paper.
man takes bite of what he's holding.
everyone raises arms.
a person wearing a cape leaves background.
the dancer in red dress walks away.
the baby points up while eating. .
the baby pulls bottle away from face.
empty chairs are shown
the little girl walks up to the person in yellow
the man starts to lean forward.
the child starts to ride away.
we see the purple character for the second time.
the man in the hat starts to speak.
rat runs off screen.
baby starts crawling away from the toy.
the runner takes off from the starting line.
the man in the white shirt takes a drink of his beer.
we see the man tapping his foot.
last elephant walks into the grassy area out of view
we first see a plate of food
cat is looking at the camera in these clips
first time a 'home' screen is shown
a blue fabric is put on the table.
the woman in white stands a second time.
woman raises microphone up
woman puts microphone down
we first see a different flag up close
the green field first appears
we first see people
the windows completely exit frame right
first time a surfer disappears and another one jumps in
someone walks directly in front of the camera
someone throws the dog's toy
the top of the craggy mountain is visible
person reaches hand over and squeezes the toy for a second time
man in brownish green walks by the camera
child in yellow and green walks in from the left
this frame is a stationery view of the babys face.
we see a woman in the background dancing
there's a woman in pink in a crowd
the person in fringe wrap steps off train
the man in white grabs something beside the wheel
cat jumps up on crate
a hand first reaches down to pet dog who is licking toes.
person in mask first makes appearance
the child stops dragging the toy across the keyboard
a person in a bear costume is seen
the person filming starts to walk across the bridge
the man begins playing.
the person in blue is visible.
the singer takes off her jacket
the kids turn around and run down the path
the woman in green pants fixes the boy's hat
the boy walks up to the drum set
both men push the log up and into the rapids
the log begins drifting down the rapid river
girl on beach tower is first seen
we walk past a red truck on the right
we turn left at the intersection
first time we see an adults hand
we pan left to see a man in a hat
camera movves of the lady talking to show a lady in blue against the wall
we first start to zoom out from the workers
we first see the pretty blue water
feet start walking
the man turns back to his right
the person in red comes back into view
the deer begins wandering towards the left
one of the dancers passes very close by
kid swings on the rings for first time
we zoom away from cat
the man bends down.
the camera pans from the embankment to the water.
a woman dressed similarly ,dances behind the woman, before leaving frame.
you see the white car as you round the bend.
two people pose for a photo
the first person dives into the water
a person in white turns around for the first time
we start walking past the brick building.
we turn down the side road.
a hand enters the scene.
a man straightens up and stands.
two people come together for a side hug
first man is seen springing into water
camera pans to a view of the sky
the laptop moves out of view.
we see a black truck go through view
we walk through a turn stall
baby first look sup at us
group of kids are seen rubbing their bellys in these two clips
the blue shirt is put on top of the pile
someone in a white shirt stands up for the first time
a person in red shirt is riding.
the girl in pink runs away.
the girl first brings the book to her face.
the shot changes to someone on the couch.
we pass a rectangular orange thing.
the shot zooms from the steam.
we first see the man in a striped shirt.
the camera zooms in to the group.
the camera zooms in to the device.
the first racers approach, and pass the camera.
the birds flock over the road.
the camera zooms on the panda.
the room is darker.
a man can be seen filming,, as the camera pans.
the rink is green.
you see a man sitting in the snow.
baby first moves feet
the person begins to ride straight off.
the kids duck their heads.
the man picks something up off the floor.
camera moves away from dinosaur picture
we first see a second lady
camera first pans left to a lady and video game
the dog sticks its head between the bannister.
the speed is normal.
the girl passes.
girl takes bite of food from spoon.
we first see lady in yellow's face.
second child stands up.
girl first turns to camera and smiles.
first time someone walks in front of camera.
man hands woman phone.
we first see green snow pants.
second garbage worker helps load item into truck.
a black dog is seen
the singer walks behind a tree
we see two sail boats
we first see a yellow truck
lady waves at the camera
the person almost falls.
the singer sings and pulls microphone back.
the girl rides by white car.
man in pink takes hand out of pocket.
we see a person in a blue jacket.
we pass by two women.
the baby rolls toward the cat.
the man raises the sword.
the man steps out of the boat
the first person goes on the slip and slide
squares turn all white briefly
the boy first puts something on top of his other toy
the person in red starts waving their arm back and forth
the guitarist turns his back and points towards the back of the stage
the man in the black shirt steps backwards
girl comes down from the highest point
boy in blue shirt enters and exits the scene
a third person is seen for a quick second
the motorcyclist is visible.
the skyscrapers come into view.
the man gets on his knees.
the boy holds up the whisk
a woman is seen with her hands on her head
the little girl claps her hands together
arcade games are briefly seen along the wall
the two girls are dancing and then the camera shows everyone dancing.
little girl looks up at the camera while playing the piano.
a polar bear mascot is shown watching the scene.
the camera pans over the the sides of the bridge.
the camera pans back to the singing woman
the camera pans to the seal in the water
a man in a black leather jacket drops his grocery bags to start clapping.
two massage therapists pour lotion into their hands.
a lady in a white jacket raises her camera to take a picture.
a man starts pressing the dough downwards against the surface.
they walk up the stairs.
the camera pans to the sidewalk.
the trolley moves through the street.
we first see the other person's face
the man completely disappears from view
first time someone walks right in front of view
the baby drops the toy from its mouth
the bus stops
the girl puts something into the bowl.
the engine passes by.
the child starts to talk.
the woman takes the food on the stick
the man raises his hand
a man in a grey shirt passes in front of the camera.
little boy pulls himself up on to the table top.
the dog gets out of the water.
the man unfolds the bridge again.
baby lift up off chair using both arms.
person folding up bottle with red label can be seen.
the red bus moves by quickly.
the man holds out the flag.
the camera shows the back.
first time someone walks out of the frame
first time man hands phone to woman
frame starts on the feet
first time large thing is standing upright
the baby is wrapped up
a man in orange passes by
only bats can be seen in the frames
a man wearing a yellow shirt appears
you see the person hand for the first time
we first see boy in red
first see guy in yellow scarf and blue shirt
we see the man closer
the men pushing the car start running
second man first comes into view
the woman first bends over and grabs something.
we see the sky and then the trees.
the yellow tube disappears from view.
the baby takes the cup off the table.
the two dogs run away and start to fight.
the bull looks away for first time.
the bikers start to move.
the woman begins to wash the baby.
the man on the left looks at the camera
the woman in red puts her hands on her hips
a white car is seen
puppet bends over on ground
graffiti really close to train
elephant is no longer seen
the boy first spins the toy.
a person in green is seen after the artwork.
guys start dancing on side of pool
tv screen is shown
two waiters walk by the moving camera.
man is closest to the net
animal first stands on all fours
baby first walks towards the lady with glasses
balloons first disappear from view
the boy first puts his hands on his cheeks
the weird costumed person first appears
we first see a guy running through the trees
camera shifts right to capital
we shirt see blue shorts
the man first looks down at the table
the cat sits up for the first time and looks in the other direction
we pass the first minivan
the baby hits the toy on the high chair for the first time
the camera pans to the other side of the water
the camera pans to people walking down the street
big ben exits frame left
propellers begin to rotate
sheep emerges
a person with a black long sleeve shirt reaches inwards towards the distracted baby.
a person with a black shirt walks towards the baked goods sitting on top of the counter.
the cat climbs to the top of the ladder
the child in hot pink walks forward
the baby waves his arms around
the man begins to walk away
the men leave the frame.
a closeup group of people is visible in these frames.
the girl leans over to pick something up.
the front of train passes.
the girl takes hand out of mouth.
the fridge is opened up.
the person slides
the camera zooms in
the kneeling man is first seen throwing.
a girl with a pink bookbag is passed
the baby tries to eat the toy
the boy hops
the cat begs for the first time
the man in the leather jacket bends over briefly
they start doing something to the man's back
the heads first disappear from view
he starts smushing whatever he's making with his hand
kid first starts playing the guitar
the man puts his hand over his face
a christmas tree appears
the boy starts frame looking at camera.
the puppy lifts its head up
the cat grabs at the ribbon
the person puts the lamp down for the first time
baby first puts hands up to face
person in pink leaves to the left
no signs are seen in this frame
camera zooms into horses butt
camera goes from white to brown grass
we see green lego planes
girl turns the page from blue to purple
the door opens for the dog.
the stage is not visible.
the camera zooms in on the field.
the singer puts the microphone down.
the girl touches her ear.
we first see blue flame.
girl in white/black top in front of store shimmies.
we get first glimpse of christmas tree.
camera zooms in to white paper with writing on it.
girl runs into kitchen
the man goes and gets more paint, before going back to the table.
the woman pointing to the landscape.
kids running on the white platform.
the dog's paws are seen
the girl falls
the person in black takes their first bite.
all the men dancing
the boy throws the paper to the ground
man starts playing the guitar
camera stats to pan right
we see a guy in a blue outfit waving to the camera
the man holds something up to the birds.
the woman is smiling at the start.
the frame starts with the man pointing.
the cat scratches at the wall.
the man catches a fish in the net.
man looks at camera
the man raises his hand
the woman in a flower dress can be seen
two trains pass by
bus passes through
yellow car is past by crowd
red russian flag is seen
no person seen
water is seen in these two frames
the man puts something over his head.
the brown building comes into view.
we see the ruler on the floor.
the christmas tree is in the corner.
we pan right to see the other swinger
man talking first poitns to white board
dancer spins around for first time
we exit the tunnel
the helicopter touches the ground.
the man touches his face.
the person is seen for the first time.
the orange wall can be seen
the pilot can be seen
a pole can be seen in the foreground
camera zooms in on the man in all black.
the man in orange turns the page.
the camera shifts to a person in red stripped shirt.
the performers start to march in place.
the woman puts her drink down.
hands first fold dough
we pan past a bike in the boat
we first see firworks
he is completely under water
a little boy in blue is sitting my himself
there's the brightest candle here
red head woman is looking at camera
the child holds up the balloon triumphantly
the child gets ready to throw the object
people on bench move out of view
piece of food is fed to dog
the person in purple jacket has hood up.
the man fixes his glasses.
the baby reaches out for the cat.
jet first starts to change direction
the dog begins to run away.
the baby first starts to move.
camera pans to woman in purple.
the girl spins around.
tour guide raises arm
man in green and oragne stripes enters
the screen is very bright here
a yellow, blue and red item in water is passed.
the camera looks to the sky next to a bush.
a man wearing blue can be seen.
the biker begins to approach.
the bird on the right jump across to the left
the little man is closes and the light is no longer seen
the group first starts marching
the baby reaches out for the boy.
person in a long sleeved red top runs by
camera pans left to show birds flying
we zoom in close to the panda bear
the woman first holds up the spoon to the little girl's mouth
a girl in pink walks in front of the camera
a woman turns her head towards the camera
first see guy in white hat on the left side
baby is moving lips looks like she is eatting something
little boy first looks at camera
a giant light is seen
the woman leading the horse appears
the camera zooms in
a man points to his head.
a mom reaches into the back of a toy dump truck.
a black car drives by.
man close up is in these scenes
the woman holding phone's face is shown
a person's legs are walking
man starts climbing
dogs paws are shown
littlest girl falls down.
the fish is seen
the woman in blue receives her communion
the choir can be seen singing
some water can be seen
a woman wearing glasses is seen.
the small child in the grey jumper sits down.
a black car is seen.
person in orange helmet pushes off of mountain for first time
person in middle takes firs step sideways
child with red shirt pulls pant waist up.
dog goes in a circle with branch in mouth
we see boat for first time
man in blue jacket walks across the screen.
dogs are furthest away from the camera.
the boy laughs for the first time.
the woman grabs something from the woman wearing white.
we first see a grill on the porch
someone with a backpack walks in front of the camera
we begin to see the rail of the boat again on the left
helicopter is completely on ground
zoom into close up of view
the animal runs towards the camera
the person in black reaches down for something
the person reaches down and adjusts the buckle
the lady in blue puts both hands on the paper shes holding
we see three people dancing at the edge of a pool
first time we see the lady on the left
balloons pass by for last time
green lights are in this scene
girl on our right blows kiss.
the man in green photographing.
the camera zooms on the boy in the tunnel without the other boy obstructing the view.
the zoom into the post.
the black costumed kids pass by.
the soldiers pass each other.
the man begins to speack.
the first child emerges from the tunnel.
a silver car rides by after people walk across.
a student wearing red is seen.
a fish is first seen under rock.
the woman in blue gets communion.
the crowd shot moves to the people performing.
camera zooms out from stage to show people in the audience
camera pans to show person in the sky.
person in black shirt steps in ront of car just before take off.
ladies head goes back for the first time
first see person in red
we see a chair on the patio.
a man in a plaid shirt walks past the girl.
the girls shirt goes out of view.
another person is fully sen
we start to pan right
cat walks away
person with sword hold sit high for first time
a person's head comes into view near the person filming.
we turn to face the way we came.
dora catches something on the tablet
guy takes first punch at game
man in red picks up red jacket
cat is up on back legs in these clips
we first see a fish caught
the rider starts her ride.
the person begins to saw away.
the man is first seen smiling.
the boy walks right to the camera and smiles.
the man is smiling at the start of the frame.
the last elephant walks out of the frame
two people in white walk behind the waitress to their table
the cat is licking the keyboard
we first see the field up close
cement starts pouring
the kitty first looks down
a man in glasses looks towards the camera
the motorcycle rider stops.
the camera shows a closet.
a dog passes behind the musicians going right
the girl in red lays her head on her arms
the girl sticks her tongue out
the man shakes his foot
a person passes by going left
the child swings his feet from the other side of the table
the smaller boat comes into view
the baby crawls towards the camera
the race begins
the man puts his glass down
black dog is not in this clip
we are right in front of cow
a person in a light plaid shirt on a bike is seen in these clips
a man on a billboard is seen
the periodic table is seen for the first time
the yellow buildings on the right are seen
the man in green starts walking.
the baby in the green shirt moves away from the tunnel.
a second person enters the frame.
the people in the armor pass by.
the crazy people both push off the rock for the first time
we pan left to see a group running
the camera focuses again on the woman in the grey jacket
a man on a yellow motorcycle passes a bus
the little boy throws a piece of bread
the yellow bus moves out of view
baby starts to climb the stairs
boy sits to play drums
we start to pan right
the child grabs the pole.
a person begins to pet the cat.
the camera pans right to a group of large rocks
performer's hair falls and she flicks it back
the man's face first comes into view
black bird jumps out of view
the dog goes for a drink of water.
the boy in red starts to jump.
the man holds up the stick of fire.
you see the parked truck.
the blue fish swims in a circle.
the woman waves at the camera.
the first man hitting the ball.
person first points at the screen
we only see the lights on the ceiling in this clip
we see skis in the snow in these clips
the man in blue jacket can be seen.
the woman can be seen
the girl does a somersault
a hand can be seen
we see a close-up of the field.
the girl looks to our left.
the kitchen can be seen
the girl poses
the woman in blue points the microphone to the people for the first time
the woman in the red dress walks off the stage
the baby first drinks from the cup
second person if first fully shown
white car is behind bus
a person hand touches the baby
a man riding a bike appears
picture change from blurry to clear
the child presses a button on the keyboard
the child wanders away from the adult
the person on stage crosses their legs
the child jumps around on one foot
yellow and white sign with a soccer ball on it can be seen in this frame.
person put left hand up to ear.
little girl sitting on person neck throws arms back
the woman grabs the glass to pour beer.
boy is first playing guitar
baby braces on the adults leg as he walks by
person on stage sets drink down ' picks it right back up
little girl walk in the room
baby's hands are clapping
the little wheel on wheelchair turns around for the first time
hands let go of jumper
the two women hold out their glasses
the child punches the air in front of them
the woman points to something on the screen
the stars on the ceiling begin to move
the smiling woman puts her phone down
the camera begins to pan away from the people
a man pumps his arms into the air
the boy lifts his head up slightly
cement starts to come out
the musician swings her hair over her shoulder
we first see the man talking
we see a red car pass inthe background
a warning sign is seen on a fence
the girl on the left taps on the triangle.
a person's head can be seen
the dog is swimming
the mascot is dribbling the ball
the sheep is fed
man starts speaking
the race begins
first time girl covers face with book
the man's face is seen
the boys face is lit
many cds are seen
ranger touches his face for the first time
camera zooms in to the top of the babies head
we see the babies bottom for the first time
we first see under the water
the school of fish are darker, swimming opposite the larger party.
the dog hops out of the pool.
the ball hits the pillar.
the man releases the contraption.
person stuffs the shell
lights go from white to red
no player is skating to the goal.
the woman grabs the paper with her left hand.
a screen is visible near the stage.
a stroller is seen next to a bench
he first gives the dog a treat
the man first starts messing up
the baby raises her hands in the air.
a man in a grey jacket is speaking to the crowd.
some orange flower pots come into view.
first time orange sunglasses are seen
first time man with glasses and white mustache stops to talk to camera
first time head of black horse is seen
camera pans to a lady then to a man
people start to cross in the sidewalk
we see both horses start trotting side by side
camera passes by a red pole
only time we see the cat blink
camera moves closer to the two girls on the right
the man first looks our way
the man in the white shirt walks out of view
we first see the white car
the camera goes past woman holding camera.
hands start first fold
person winks at camera
fireworks start
the baby feeds the older child.
the man reaches and takes an object from someone else.
the girl moves toy away from box.
a man in blue shorts is seen.
the man closes his eyes momentarily.
the cat sits up.
the sign moves out of frame.
the bus passes a bike on the ground.
the man on the hood goes out of frame, and comes back.
the man raise his hand in the air after strumming the guitar.
the child pushes off and rides the bike down the path.
the small girl in the dress bumps into another child
the man in the cap begins to speak.
first time boy in blue hold microphone to little girls face
hand cups top of crying baby's head
first closeup of skier
the girl in pink fixes her hair
the boy kicks out at something
the person in white points at something
the baby first plays with the toy
the tree on the left first disappears from view
we first see a lady looking at the ground in a light grey long sweater
the kid stops playing long enough to bend over to pick something up.
the man shoots the puck for the first time.
purple in the background at start of frame.
the camera pans over the mountain.
the people with white flags run onto view.
someone comes through the door.
both woman bend down and turn almost touching.
the biker pulls in and stops.
the oven makes an appearance.
the very top of the waterfall makes an appearance.
the ocean in the distance.
the horse circles the barrel.
lady on horse waves as we zoom in
camera starts to pan left
all of the ducks have walked passed the yellow speed bump and are going down the road
we first zoom in on the item on the fountain
a man in black is looking out the window.
the boy puts both hands on face.
the camera zooms on the mc
the white truck passes.
the boy falls to hit butt.
the last man makes eye contact with the camera.
the person walks over to the work station.
the woman begins to point.
a man in red is first seen looking right.
a person is below the tarp.
the woman in pink is off the view.
a man can be seen at start just sitting by himself.
the man in white picks something off ground.
man starts talking
lady lays down like sleeping
the man walks towards the camera
the man briefly puts his microphone hand down
the child on the bike turns left
the person in blue moves, making the face of the man behind visible.
the little girl enters
a woman is smiling
a man in white passes in front of the camera.
the boy gets onto the table.
the boat is completely in the frame.
the lady on the right leans over then stands back up out of view
we first see the dogs playing
the man in the yellow and white shirt lifts his arms up
a woman lifts her arms up and looks at the camera
a man is seen playing a musical instrument
the second child appears for the first time.
the van cannot be seen in these frames.
we first see the group of people.
two people appear in the camera
the cat jumps up on the table
the cat runs away
someone puts a green object on the screen
the baby falls from the hill
the two people start to dance.
the woman in green is walking.
someone points near the water.
the billboard screen can be seen
a big brown fish can be seen
a woman in white taking photos can be seen
a white fence can be seen
we see someone reaching up to give something to the moonkeys
kid takes off on the sled
we see the group start to run
man lays child on ground and then picks him up
tent is not in these scenes
street light is shown in these scenes
first time cheerleaders move their pompoms
first time little girl waves
red suv completely exits frame left
first time girl in red coat sitting on someone's shoulders exits the frame
the seal is in the water
dog in back starts to walk out but turns around and comes back
there is a screen shown in a conference
camera zooms in on the two road signs
transition to the dog walking on its leash
we see the second violinist for the first time
she puts lotion on the baby's arms for the first time
the camera is upside down
someone in the front of the camera stands up and sits down again
the person throws the ball.
woman wipes mouth
person in green places hand in pocket
woman first puts arms around child
the chefs cook on the grill.
the girl does a black-flip.
first time the boy in blue looks up at the camera
a man in the audience drops his bag and begins clapping
the camera zooms in on the icy area for the first time
the man begins to spin the dough in his hands
the plane is first seen.
woman on scooter comes into view
black bag first disappears from view
moves from ground to face
kid flips book
the bus passes.
the people fan the grill
the man switches the leafs from hand to hand, and back.
they all raise their arms.
the lady first makes the baby clap.
the man reverses his wheelchair a bit.
the baby stops bouncing.
we first see some people at comic con
lady in red walks to the right off stage
we see the baby pick up food with its right hand
lady looks up at the camera for first time
a red umbrella is passed
a red car passes by
the baby raises his hands
a boy in a plaid shirt walks to the front where the two girls are
person clapping on left moves out of view for a moment
a person in grey runs by.
the large brown sign goes out of view.
there is darkness in the scenes
someones hand is up in audience
there's a man in black standing by the table
the last time the woman has her hand at her mouth
little boy puts truck onto trailer and rolls it back down.
girl walks over to the other girls holding a cell phone.
boy runs and kicks big blue ball.
someone first walks in our view
lady walks to the sink to wash her hands
we see the kids green pants
we see a second man come to help load up the big thing
the woman in white raises her arms.
the camera is close up on the man holding item.
the cat stops and sniffs the side of a step.
we are closest to the car in this frame.
the bird stands straight and then turns to the camera.
camera pans to the left for first time
we pan to the right ' see a yellow house
the two men finally knock the tree down
we first see the front of the train
we see the entire stop sign
closeup of puppet like thing on string.
closest view of horse parade.
the woman in glasses disappears from view
we start stepping
a great door is seen
we see person crouching going by the camera then someone in black walks into view
first time we see the kid with sunglasses on
dancing santa stops for a brief moment
boy reaches up to catch the baby
child in red jacket in bottom of screen scratches his face.
woman in green jacket walks out of screen on left
camera zooms on to feild
first time marchers cross each other
man begins speaking
child in pink emerges from tube
kid puts open hand on piano
polar bear mascot is seen
looks over right then left side
one of the men takes a bike.
the helicopter lands on the building.
the person in blue walks to the other side of the mat.
green circular light flashes on wall.
first time we see tall building.
we first see man in blue coat with red backpack.
dogs are furthest away from us.
boy begins to whisk the ingredients
we first see the woman's face.
the baby runs to the second adult.
we see a person wearing a red shirt in these frames.
child touches tablet for first time.
guy in blue raises his right arm for the first time.
man in red sweatshirt puts on red jacket
mans face is seen more easily
other cats face is shown
kid picks self off ground then falls again
the child picks up the yellow toy for the first time.
the two people jump once for the first time.
we see the blue ball come into the frame.
the two men kick each other at the same time
the man kisses the baby
the woman exits the truck
the dog puts his head through the bannisters
the man under the tree shakes his head
the men are not in slo mo
the camera zooms in
the freight hits the ground.
the parent comes to help the baby.
a person in red shirt runs by.
the camera moves away from trees.
the camera moves in on panda bear.
the woman first throws her head back
we first see one of the people walk out of view
the girl first goes under the bar
the person comes to a stop and turns to his left
the man comes into view and begins talking
the child in pink exits the tube
they film the side view mirror.
the tall sky-scrapper lite is shown
the man kneels.
the camera moves left to someone talking.
the camera moves past the tv.
the camera zooms all the way in on the boy in snow.
we see the t.v for the first time
we see a second dog to the left
lady first sticks her finger in her mouth
a woman raises her leg
you see the woman face for first time
someone walks by the bakground
the girl pushes the cart
the woman steps into the light.
the kids begin to run.
we see players on the field for the first time.
the man is talking.
the man in white sits down.
boy in green first hits can with stick
woman first goes down to sit
person with a pink or white bag walks by
we pass a man in a striped vest.
the camera turns back to the street after viewing the park.
the dog first runs through the room.
lady and unseen person clink glasses
we first see a person in green jacket
lady lifts child out of ride
snake knocks guy over
fox runs off to left
green plate is placed on thing
dog jumps to get something out a person hand
a red car passes
the singer is screaming.
the person with fox head holds arms up.
the dog runs around a purple ball.
the woman hands the microphone over.
the camera walks past the clothes on the clothes line
a man is seen painting behind the sleeping person
a man is seen playing guitar
we first see an adult in a blue shirt that matches one of the team's colors
we go from a white room to a blue room in one shot
the girl first disappears from view
you first see the green wheel spinning.
the camera films the table, and is suddenly jerked.
they film out the window.
no people are really shown in these scenes of mountains
a red truck is driving
we focus on the bbq grill as we pass
a person in a red ' black jacket enters view from right
no people in these clips
we see the brown wall for the first time.
we see the heads of three people in this frame.
the person in the red shirt disappears from the frame.
the patio first comes into view
the large screen is seen for the first time
the blue shirt is seen
a girl stands and sits again
a red truck drives by
the camera person swipes their card and goes through the turnstile
the baby first looks at the camera
the man in the striped shirt takes something from the man in blue.
we see the most chickens at once.
the boy is furthest away.
a clipboard appears on a desk.
an orange cat jumps on top of a black cat.
the ride is at its highest point.
the view pans away from the picnic table.
camera pans to show a large fan.
the horse moves around two white barrels.
zoom in on the field for the first time
guy puts down the mic
girl in blue first touches her ear
a man walks in front of band.
the boat passes the camera.
the woman takes off her coat.
the kids face the camera for the only time.
the girl does a circle, and crouch dance.
the child falls out of the sled.
the train begins to pass the camera.
a woman in a red coat comes into the frame.
man in green suit hands boy his bow
man in green comes back with a sheet of paper
the dome of the capital building is visible
the man gestures with left arm.
the baby starts frame looking directly at camera.
the camera goes under water.
the girl backs away from screen a little.
the woman licks her finger.
couple start playing
we first see a bunch of animals
we first see the third person.
the baby looks to his right.
the first ball is hit over the net.
the animal looks the other way and then jump up.
the young boy walks to the other lady.
no one is seen in this clip
we first see the road
we pan right and see a white van
trumpet man is shown then isnt
moves from guy in red to guy in black
girl in pink turns to walk away
the end of the train starts to get close to us
child pulls hand away from mouth for first time
we see a tv on the wall
the two road 'horses' first come in to view
the dog starts to walk
the cat jumps onto the couch.
the babies face first comes into view.
the man in black looks at camera while talking.
the woman finishes, and stands up.
the truck in front starts moving agian.
these clips have areas of just black.
we first get a close-up of the singer.
we first see the pool.
the boy in red gives something to the goat
the camera pans away from the person's face
the adult takes away the wrapping paper
camera zooms in on screen.
the camera goes to the water.
the girl sitting falls over.
the camera changes to guy on couch.
the person drives by orange sign.
the camera zooms in on mountain top.
pan left to a man waving his arms
first start zooming in to boy's face
kitten on bottom suddenly starts to climb up
man in orange shirt walks by and smiles directly into camera
the child begins to run pulling the man by the hand.
a blue chair comes into frame.
we see two streams of water forming an arch.
girl talking starts to laugh
we see train tracks in these clips
group starts to dance ' sing
the girl begins to talk to the camera.
the blue light on robot goes out.
the boy is flapping arms like chicken.
the camera zooms in on the creatures.
the man begins to turn the handle
woman holding small camera turns to her left
first time boy turns quickly to his right
the boy throws the ball for the first time
the dog begins to kick it's leg
the screen is shown zoomed into.
the mother points forward gesturing.
text first appears
we first see the priest up close
the bright light is visible
we can see a bright red light
the man sticks something into the shell
the animal shakes the log
the sign passes out of view
the cat reaches the top step.
the man begins dropping things in the bag.
the baby reaches for the dog's paw.
the man shows the first game.
a man appears wearing a gray and yellow jacket
a girl is smiling
camera zooms in on the red train
lady moves baby back
we first see the kid in red
camera first pans to the left
a waiter walks past in the direction of the camera.
the edge of our boat isn't visible in these frames.
the boy starts skiing.
the cat does a 360, and sits back down
the fancy boat can be seen.
the adult leans to her right.
the cat jumps off the shelf.
lady in pink bends forward three times.
camera pans from woman talking on her cellphone
a black wrist band can be seen on woman with her right hand covering her face,
woman on cellphone smiles.
a warning sign can be seen
the girl standing shifts her weight to the other foot
a picnic table is shown
the rooster walks over a manhole cover.
a girl in a blue skirt walks in the back left.
the camera moves towards the sky.
the driver looks at the camera.
words on screen are seen breifly
camera pans right to show the group
camera pans right past a candle
we first pan right to see a group dancing ' a lady close up
the man with green leggings touches his face
chicken pecks at the bag
we see the person walk past a black object on the right
camera zooms in to show the crowd
the dog jumps into the bowl.
the man starts rolling the pole on the table.
log hits ground as it falls in water
people are sitting on beach
the woman claps the baby's hands together
the man in the wheelchair backs up and turns around
the person stops bouncing the baby in the jumper
we first see the larger group of people.
we first see the whole tube.
we zoom in the the man.
the camera swings to the man in the red shirt.
the little baby claps her hands together
the man waves at the camera
the man in white puts the microphone and paper down
the camera zooms in
the gas station is seen
the cat yawns
camera zooms out a little
camera changes view so we are looking down on the record
camera zooms in on the guitar player on the right
only clip where baby doesn't look at the camera
hand moves hat out of the way of eyes
bicycle passes yellow trash can
white flag with red dot
girl turns page from blue to purple
the red balloon leaves the boy.
the kid drops the toy.
kids head goes down and he hits the floor
baby looks to the left.
person in light colored coat looks to the left.
helicopter first lands on ground
guy bends over to pick something up
turns from tv to woman
people are pushing a white car through a flooded street
the two people run out of view
the cat reaches the top of the ladder.
the man holds up the dvd's.
entire frame focused on violinist.
hands put lotion on baby's arms.
first time persons on screen bend sideways.
the blonde woman is first seen talking.
a person wearing white runs behind people.
we first see red sign outside
boy looks down for first time.
sony leaves off screen
last time we see him play guitar
the rabbit turns the orange
the ball goes flying through the air for the first time
horse turns the corner and we can see it's head for the first time
a man in a red dress shirt is first seen.
everyone is holding hands in a circle before dispersing to partners
man first looks up at camera
first time dog runs out of view
tour guide turns to face us
the group comes running towards us from the other end of the field
a person in a hat blocks view briefly
the horse turns left
the little boy grabs the baby's hand
someone in a black shirt is walking by on the right
a man with a large camcorder on his shoulder walks by
yellow plane is flying towards the mountains
woman reaches up towards the birds
singer starts putting hands in air
he removes hand from tuning and places on strings
the head blocking view turns to side
the 2 horses are walking side by side
the baby first starts using both hands
the tour guide first raises right hand
the coach in red walks in from right of screen
a person in the background walks to the right
the baby's face is first visible
a person with long hair is visible to the right.
the gas station is in view
the people stop dancing.
the man first looks at the camera.
the dog first runs completely out of the frame.
little girl bends to the ground
dog under the chair moves it's head
you see a finger from the right side.
person exits from on the left.
the cameraman starts to walk closer to the guitar player
the camera begins to zoom in on the stage
the horse rider begins heading back towards the camera
the screen begins to glow brighter
the man in the back leaves through the doorway
the man in blue flaps the flag
the dog drops the stick then grabs it by the center
the poster with words leaves the right side of the screen
a man with a large camera passes by
a boat comes in from the left
an adult's hands come into view
the person begins to reach up towards the birds
first time the screen starts to get bright
man first puts second hand on fireworks
the last time we see dancers
the bunny looks up for the first time
a man in a blue hooded jacket exits out of the left side
the man in the middle in pink leans back for the first time
the rider on the horse turns a corner
the first little boy falls over.
the person walks by something on the floor.
it is zoomed on the baby
baby first touches window
camera shakes and something moves by window for first time
car passes an opening on the left for the first time
the singer bends over for the first time
person in the back gets out of the canoe
the flag unfolds
screens all turn solid white for a moment
the kid in the singing group in red hoodie ducks down out of view for a moment
lady first starts talking
we first start panning to the right
boy first looks down while closing/opening the door
phone seems to go off before a bright light flashes on the entire screen
boy starts to rock back ' forth
the first time we see a person walking on the beach
they wall stop moving around for a moment
the dad looks up at camera for the first time
the child puts his left hand on the handlebar.
the girl wearing black dances by crossing her hands.
the last we see vegetables.
little girl bends over
we finally can see the dog under chair for first time.
screens go completely white briefly
the audience first disappears from view
the lady begins to speak
a person walks past.
baby with blue headgear pushes the other baby
camera follows bird as it flies to the window
a black object enters frame
the black chicken comes into view
the baby begins banging on the keys with both hands
the guide turns to face the camera for the first time
an opening to the left is passed
the puppy rears up excitedly
the singer bends far forward
the paddle user starts to leave the canoe
we pan to the left to the yellow chick by the red feeder
baby starts to use only one finger on key
tour guide holds right hand up for a moment while talkiing
the singer focuses
he starts playing
they are riding together
the mushrooms leave the bottom of the screen for the first time
the child stops to pick something up
the white dog lowers his head
we zoom in to the girl in the blue dress who jumps up
a boat enters the view
we see an adult for the first time
man holds his hand up to feed the birds for the first time
someone walks across bottom screen
first time we can see the musicians
the pitcher's mound comes into view
the dancing woman spins for the last time
